Amazon Echo is really useful with everything it already can do. Currently it is needed as a hands-free device and we use it to control lights, to send emergency phone calls, as an alarm, streaming music player, shopping list, weatherman, and to search the internet. When it can completely control a phone's text and calling capabilities, we'll have everything we need from it.
My son loves this, uses it for internet access and listening to music.
Love the voice feature and since going to this I have saved tons on cable bills
I had been holding out for an iPad mini, but when I took a look at this tablet, it became clear that the iPad was a waste of money. I am really happy with this tablet.
The product is very durable and is great for children
have not used it yet but excited to try it, looks like it would be fun!
This Fire tablet is overall a good size, and has great features!
We now own 4 Kindle Fires, they keep getting better. Very pleased
I'm deepy invested in the Apple ecosystem so I approached using the Echo as a just something to experiment with. Now I understand Barry Diller's statement that eventually Jeff Bezos will be the richest man in the world. And for me it starts with the Echo. I use it from the (funny) morning alarm to bedtime when it manages my night time Hue light scenes. I prefer to listen to music through the Echo and not tie up my other devices. I've ordered several Dots and am looking forward to being able to use a more serious speaker for music. Now that I've been sucked into the Amazon universe I've abandoned my Apple TV and replaced it with the Fire TV becuase of the Alexa voice control. The kids use Alexa for homework and even my "beyond cool" teenage son admits it's a worthwhile technology. I have a lot of fun with the IFTTT recipes; its become a bit of a hobby. And rather than having a technology where you blink your eyes and it's out of date, the best thing so far about the Echo is it just keeps getting better with more product integrations, "skills", and ever expanding content. I recommend getting one soon so you can enjoy the new stuff as it comes along.
Our son just LIVES this unit. He has all his favorite games on it.
My 9 year old and 4 year old sons love this tablet for games and watching Netflix and Hulu. Great size for them. I like the parental controls and easy to monitor their activity and how much time a day they can use it. Was a great price and able to get one each.
Loving my Echo - Learning to do more things with it every day.
Very simple, works good for checking email and surfing. Very Amazon intense. Lots of advertising.
Amarion tablet the speakers are really good but could be at the front
I got this as gifts for my kids and other family then even myself. I wish I would have got this tablet along time ago.
This little android tablet does everything I want it to. And for the price, it can't be beat. 50$!
This has been excellent purchase as avid reader it has been a pleasure bringing hours of entertaining joy. I love the lightweight sleek design & size. I take it everywhere. It is easy to use & capable of downloading everything I need.
Easy to setup. Bought Amazon Echo for the living room and Amazon Dot for the bedroom. Fantastic AI.
I have a roku tuner and am not impressed with iy. I find the amazon tuner much easier to find programs.
I am enjoying this product a great deal . I have not really explored its possibilities but am having fun with simple questions and playing music. Speaker sounds great also.
Great product if you love to read!!! I use it all the time. Love that I can read in the dark with it.
Easy my kids love it....easy set up ....easy to use
Im in love with this kindle...i upgraded from a kindle 2 and the convenience of having the light built in is awesome! Theres no eyestrain whatsoever! It goes with me everywhere i go!!
Works great
I have an Apple TV and was skeptical at first to buy the AFTV. However, I am so happy to have switched to the AFTV. So much freedom, yes!
Bought this for my nephew. The price is right, however, the tablet is terrible. Spend the money and get an iPad.
I love my new Kindle. The size is perfect. It fits right in my purse. Easy to navigate and I love the touch screen. I am able to read outside without a glare. Only flaw is that it is not backlit, so in order to read in the dark I need a book light. I don't mind that so much, I just wish kindle would come out with a case for this Kindle with a built in book light like they did for the first generation Kindle.
We are all taking advantage of my husband gift.. very useful.
Finally received the Kindle Lighted Leather Cover for the newest version Kindle. It is VERY lightweight and I had to double and triple check the description considering it states this is a leather cover. The front cover is very thin with a medium-weight cardboard feel to it. The leather on the front cover is extremely thin and you can immediately tell the surface will be easily scratched and marred with normal everyday use. The inside of the front cover has a thin microfiber material to protect the screen. The back cover is hollowed out plastic to form-fit your Kindle and snaps in with relative ease.Using the enclosed graphic instruction card, I removed the Kindle as shown, having to use just enough pressure to make me a bit concerned for someone who would place and remove their Kindle in this cover frequently. However, I plan on using this cover as a full-time solution for both protection and as a light source.I went ahead and pulled up a book and switched the light on, heading to a closet to see how this looked in complete darkness. The light pulls out of the back cover and is nice and stiff and has a locked full-out position. The spread of the light is greater on top obviously but it does reach the entire screen on the Kindle. There was no glare or reflection and I was able to easily read the page without any noticeable straining.If I were to choose between this design and the Kindle Keyboard lighted cover, which I have used since its release, I would choose this newer cover.Read more
I purchased 5 and all were successful gifts ..... Thank you
It is nice to take to the grocery store with my list of food I need, not as heavy as my iPad.
It helps me keep my schedule, and Perfect to listen to music.
Have Amazon echo, dot and now the tap. All work very well, and.the tap sounds great.
An excellent voice activated hands free device. I use for steaming music, sleep machine, blue tooth speakers, alarm clock, and timer. It has so many uses. Looking forward to finding more that it can do.
The fire tablet is a good products from amazon they can be used in so many ways. A great educational product for a child. It was easy to setup and start using.
I highly recommend kindles. I wouldn't own anything else. I love reading and this is the best device yet not only for reading. This has wifi capabilities. I would highly recommend this item.
I bought this as a first time tablet for my mother. She has really learned to use it freely. The color and size are perfect for her. She uses it mainly to search the internet and check her emails. Great starter. I am going to download some books for her to read as she travels.
I wasn't too sure about getting a tablet at first. I've had an iPhone for years and have always loved reading hard cover books. I was also concerned that I would have a hard time learning the software other than apple. I'm happy to report that the software was not difficult to adjust to in the least and I thoroughly enjoy reading on a tablet now!
Purchased this for my granddaughter, she is 13 and loves it
My granddaughter love it works good she is on it all day.
I bought 3 for my grandchildren and they love their tablets
Love having hands free while in the kitchen. Didn't think I'd like it as much as I do, use it all the time. Sometimes it doesn't understand a command such as "play polka music" but if you are more specific, naming the artist, it works. It does recognize generas, just not polkas LOL.
Still exploring the possibilities. I bought it as a "sort of" addition to my Kindle e-reader. Since I am not a total subscriber to the "connected lifestyle" I will be exploring capabilities slowly. My only complaint is the battery life is not (by a factor of (at least) 50) as good as on my KIndle e-reader.
The amazon kindle is nice, portable and very easy to use.
I'm constantly using this to watch movies almost replaced the need for cable.
The echo does very well with playing radio station and some music . There are many artists she doesn't recognize . A number of artists you have to pay extra for through a signup . I was somewhat disappointed that with more than 2 million items more regular music should be available. Amazon prime under performs here . Setting alarms and timers are easy . I look forward to interfacing with lights and thermostats
The Amazon Echo is a very helpful appliance. Now my house is 100% "Smart" and with the sound of my voice, I can control everything. I love it
When you buy an Amazon product from Best buy they will not take responsibility after two weeks and said to speak to Amazon directly,But you cannot return any Amazon products bought from Best buy to Amazon, Do not buy Amazon products from Best buy but ever again as you are doomed with it
Great tablet for the cost, does all the basic functions great. These are email, web surfing, and social media. If you belong to Amazon Prime then it's even better since this thing makes it easy to take advantage of the extra content you can access. Movies, TV Shows, music, books. A lot of this is free for Prime Members. Good idea and business move for Amazon as it encourages Amazon content and purchases. The tablet itself is pretty good, smaller and more narrow than an iPad. Easy to hold in one hand, screen is nice for video, reading, web surfing and email. If the iPad is setting the bar and is a 10, I would give this an 7-8. The weakest thing is the camera, it adequate but you smart phone is better. A feature it has that the iPad lacks is the ability to add an Micro SD Card for extra space. It is also much cheaper than an iPad.
The kindle fire hd is a wonderful tool as well as a device for entertainment. The beauty of the kindle fire is the price. I look forward to buying updated devices.
For the same price as the Roku 3, you can get the Amazon Fire TV box. Why would you want this? 1. It runs Android2. You can install Android Apps (via sideload)3. It's Extensible. Because of items 1 and 2, you can really make this any kind of device you want. Most Android apps should work on this, and of course, you have access to Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, etc.
I have always been pleased with Kindle Fire. In fact, I think I wore out my previous one. For some reason I cannot turn this one on and went to Best buy to ask someone to help me with it. But it seems you need an appointment even for this probably simple chore.
Received item on time. It works great!!! Love the Fire TV!!! I think it works better than the stick, as far as connection and speed are concerned.
Lightweight, and I like being able to read outside with no glare.
THE PRICE IS AFFORDABLE FOR ANY BUDGET..GREAT OVERALL TABLET
Better than the stick cause you can plug in Ethernet cable for faster secure connection, faster processor, and more memory
The tablet works good for my son with the games he use
Nice tablet and at a outstanding price. Still going strong..
This was a gift to an employee and they absolutely love it.
This works really well, no issues streaming. Would recommend.
This a easy and great item to begin building a Smarthome. The Echo alone adds many features, but it works great with other items as well.
Love it. Bought this one for my husband. He loves it as much as I love mine.
The Fire TV is easy to hookup and easy to use. Lots of apps. Alexa is fun and useful for programming questions, weather and controlling some of my smart home lights. The request would be to control TV volume on the remote.
Had this for 2 days before I cut my cable off. Works great with lots of apps.
My daughters love this tablet and all they can do.
Very satisfied with this purchase. Fast, big screen and good resolution. Bought it for my son around Xmas and I got a very good deal too! Wish I had bought 2 at that price. ($100)
With a great child-proof case, this was the perfect tablet to start my little guy off with!
Everyone should have one of these in their home. My kids use it to assist with homework from spelling to math. I use it to get daily updates on news, traffic and weather. With this product, the future is now!
Love this product. Much better then the Google brand
I have owned the apple TV 1,2 gen; Amazon fire stick, direct computer to tv hookup via hdmi cable, roku and none compare to the performance and GUI of this product.
It performed the way it said it would and more!Awesome buy!
Just what she needed to keep her interested in short games & letters
Not many things she doesn't know. Got echo as gift for Christmas.
There are some privacy concerns as recently reported in the news and the device is limited without a paid subscription to Amazon Music.
I had been using Fire stick which 1080P cabable. When I bought Fire TV then I saw the difference. It can stream 4K content. It comes with plenty of free apps and now I always have many options to watch. Great product.
Best tablet hands down. Bigger screen and great new features. Has Alexis also. Lots of storage as well.
Item works excellent replaced my apple tv with this unit.
Wow what a tablet my girls are have the time of their lives. Hey it was a little learning in the beginning but once they got it the rest was history.
We purchased 2 of these for a couple of reasons. One because we were already Amazon Prime members and the other was paying too much for cable TV. Weve had them now for approx a month (one in the living room and one in the bedroom) and they work flawlessly. Easy set up (again if you're a Prime Member, just follow the on screen directions. We also subscribed to Sling TV for those channels we still wanted and purchased an outdoor antenna for locals. Fire TV has all the apps ready so they make it easy to set up what you want to watch. It can take a little getting used to apps instead of the TV guide on cable but if you have a smart phone its very similar. The Fire TV will not work with a standard IR remote so you have to use their remote provided but if you want to use only one remote for everything then I highly recommend the Logitech hub system that will control everything including the Fire TV. I have a TV, Blue Ray, Fire TV all connected through HDMI in my receiver and only have to use the one Logitech remote. Make sure you get the hub system since it works with IR, RF and blue tooth. Once everything is set up the Logitech hub app lets you control your system through your smart phone so there's no need to purchase more remotes. By the way, im not an employee of Best Buy, Logitech or Amazon just an electronics freak, but like things simple. I'm very satisfied with my purchase and won't go back to cable TV. One last thing, you still need a broadband connection, faster the better and a good wifi router to set this all up.
I love alexa. She can make me laugh, keep up with my grocery list, play lullabys for my baby and minions songs for my toddler. Her weather forcasts are awesome. The only thing i wish she knew as well is how to speak other languages. If you ask her she says she only speaks english right now but is always learning. So i cant wait until that update happens! So cool.
The voyage is lighter, and thinner than the paperwhite. I love it!
My daughter had a smaller eight GB tablet ... this was a nice step up for her and with better graphics. We extended the memory with an SD card for photos.
I bought this item for my kid so he could do homework and investigate different things as youtube, google etc. It works perfectly , with great speed and resolution.
I am a hardcore HARDBACK book reader - it's always my preference. I always said I liked the "feel & size" of a "real" book over any electronic book reader. Boy was I wrong. I bought my Kindle on a whim while it was on sale, and I absolutely love it - I never imagined how much MORE I would read on the Kindle - I have gone through book after book after book, while a hardback still sits waiting on my nightstand to finish. It's a great size - throw it in my purse and read anywhere. The light is nice for darker reading situations. One of the best features in my opinion is borrowing books. You can borrow one book a month free through Amazon's Kindle Lending Library -- but you can borrow as many as your want from your local library (if it participates). That is where most of my reading has come from. I love the Kindle more than I ever imagined and recommend to any reader, especially those, like me, who swore on hardback "real" books!
Love the sound. Plays my Pandora, Answers all my questions no matter how off the wall
Best bang for your buck............................
A must have to cut cable. It's very fast and reliable.
this was a great gift for the kids. We are going on a vacation and The amazon fires are a great tool for them to download games and search the web while we are traveling..thanks
I love having music playing constantly. I bought the echo for the dining room and the dot for my master bath! ! Love love love them. Also i haven't made a shopping list since I've had them and haven't forgotten random "stuff" i need.
I heard about it from a friend. It's awesome. Saves you a lot of $$$$$
I have done this like 5 times now. Don't send me this ahs8n. Getting aggravating.
Most apps you have to pay for basic apps like YouTube will not download without inputting credit card information what tablet for child not plausible to put in credit card information
I got it earlier than scheduled. Very happy with the purchase.
The tablet is easy to use, The storage isn't great but you can add a card for extra storage which is nice. Haven't found any problems with it yet. Reasonably price.
Liked this because it had the functionality of an IPad without the high price tag.
If you plug the prongy side of the adapter into the wall, and then plug the big end of the USB cable into the non-prongy side, and then plug the little end of the USB cable into your Kindle, it makes books magically appear on the screen. Use your eyes to read the words, and your eyes will transmit the information into your brain.
Kindle was great purchase for both of my teenage sons.Great for use of apps and music. Good for everyday use. Would recommend to anybody.
Upgraded from the old Kindle with the keyboard, and wish I would've done it sooner. Beautiful screen, nice and light, perfect in every way. The best way to read a book.
Great product! It is SO much easier to read when it's sunny outside!
My kids love it and use it for everything, including their homework. It is really a great companion.
I am happy with this purchase. I've always wanted one. Works great.
We love the Echo. You ask it questions and you will get an answer
I like the fire tv better than the firestick because the connecting the ethernet cable helps with buffering
Love to read and this little thing is perfect. I carry it everywhere. I read all the reviews and was on the fence since I used my phone or Kindle Fire to read but the lighting on the paperwhite is so much better for my eyes and the size is great.. Love this and highly recommend.
Solid Amazon tablet for those invested in the Amazon ecosystem.
The product it's left works GREAT! Especially compared to the Stick. It is so much faster and has more memory that you are not constantly get the low memory notifications. Only problem is the lack of available apps on the App Store.
This tablet was a gift for my mother-in-law. She is technologically challenged and was able to set it up and use it with ease. Great multiuse tablet. The size is ok. Get the 8" if you are like me and like a little more screamReal estate.
Great product at a great price! So glad I bought this!
This is a great tablet, especially if you're a Prime Member. Only drawback is the ads.
good for setting alarm, reading, look up easy stuffs, overall makes like convenient.
Help me cut the cable cord Easy set up Plenty of apps Good user interface
Alea echo is hands down the best smart device manager I've ever owned.
If I would have known how wonderful this was to read with I wouldn't have purchased and Ipad. I love this to read whenever, wherever. If you're a reader this is the best ereader.
We bought the Amazon Fire TV device to watch streaming TV and it works great! Love the guide feature!
This reader is a gift to my daughter for Christmas. She said that it works great at the beach!
I find it easy to use, but the kindle does not come with instructions, so you have to find your way around.
Amazon Fire TV is a fantastic streaming box. Just does everything and almost no buffering. 4K is absolutely beautiful. Highly recommend Fire TV.
I wasn't sure about Alexa echo but it was so worth it! We love it and use it all the time.
Purchased the tablet for my niece as a replacement for a stolen one of a different brand. Easy to use, set up and connect. Great application selection. Best of all is the affordability with all you get.
I bought this for my son for his room since he didn't want to spend the extra money for a cable box...he really likes this and is getting a lot of use out of it.
Great generic tablet for looking to keep kids occupied. Mine enjoy the FreeTime Unlimited, and the child restrictions are great for my needs.My only concern has been for the space available. I was amazed at how quickly they ate up 32 GB of space on apps.
This was a gift to replace my first generation Kindle. It's smaller and lighter than the old Kindle (which is wonderful) although the screen appears to be the same size. I still much prefer the old-fashioned paper page but there's nothing better than a Kindle for the convenience of taking many reading choices on a trip.
I got this for my sister who is in Paris and she doesn't go anywhere without it. All the benefits of a real book and none of the cons.
This was a birthday present to my wife who absolutely loves it and find new things daily Alexa can do.
Highly recommend purchasing as a starter tablet and/or for a younger child. Internet access through Silk Browser and most common apps available through App Store.
This is my fourth Kindle; one was lost, but the other two simply died after a few years. I resent paying good money for something which such a short lifespan. A kindle is a great aide for readers who travel. How else to take dozens of books along? But I wish they were more long lived.
This product was everything it was advertised f to be. I find new uses for it every day.
Streaming is easy on this 4k ready box. Love the picture quality too. Plus the kids can play games on the big screen.
Seems to be great quality for the price. Works great.
Love it ,great product for a great price. Will be getting another one
I love my Kindle Voyage. It truly is almost like reading a paper book.
It was easy set up. Really love the Echo and the quality of sound.
Fast up to 5 windows open without problemsCamera not very good pics come out blurry
THIS A GREAT PRICE FOR THIS SIZE TV IT HAS EVERYTHING WE WANTED SMART 4K
This has the same pixel density as the $200 Kindle Voyage, the biggest differences being no pressure sensitive buttons and there isn't a glass screen flush with the bezel. The Paperwhite is the best value of the Kindle lineup.
This tablet is better than any other tablet of the same cost range. My son saved up to buy his own tablet and had similar priced tablets break or have software issues. This tablet has a nice quality screen and it is nice to be able to not be forced to do everything through Amazon despite it being an Amazon tablet. The option of a Best Buy replacement plan is handy when getting the tablet for kids.
bought this for my son(12), and he loves it. Constantly on it. Got a great price during the holidays. Completely satisfied.
Bought for daughter, love the parental control and curfew setting
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
Love how I can read in bed without the light on so it does not bother my husband. And it keeps me from cluttering the house with so many books. Also don't have to wait til you make it to the store to buy the next book cause they are all right at your finger tips!
Like to have in house. It makes life easier and no need to browse internet
It is basically what you want in a tablet. It has everything, just buying the ads to go away was a bummer.
Tablet is very simple and easy to use daughter loves it
Everything I had read was a bit confusing on how the Echo can control it.. but low and behold it has the Alexa service built into it. The Echo CANNOT control the Amazon Fire TV which was the sole reason I bought it. Well.. also in hopes that HBO Now would have Surround Sound on it, but of course it didn't. So they're both at fault here and the reason why I returned it immediately. Since neither of the above worked, this made the device completely redundant with my Chromecast.
Considered the google product but glad I chose the Echo......very pleased with product.
This is so great, music, news, questions answered.
It is okay does what it is suppose to amazon is kind of annoying but otherwise good buy
Working efficiently, no complaints so far. Makes reading fun!
I bought this tablet mostly for watching movies. I downloaded movies from Netflix and watch them during indoor bike training at the gym. I love the ability to expand the memory with a microSD card, which iPads do not. It's pretty fast and has all the features I need. I read kindle books with it as well. The drawback is that some apps are not compatible with this device. The iPad is definitely more powerful and compatible with many apps I use, but this is a great tablet for most of my current interests.
Amazon fire tv is the best to use with kodi app that allows you to have all the movies without any additional charge.
I brought two tablets for my grandchildren for learning and to keep them busy, and they love it!! So do I!!!
If I could give it a lower rating, I would.This is nothing more than a speaker, and a big one.It is NOT wireless so you cannot even take it outside w/o a power source. You cannot ask questions and have Alexa search answers. Very expensive. Would like to try google but since I cannot return this - I can't justify the price. Everyone said give it time to like Alexa. I gave it too much time and did not realize you had to return within a time frame (my bad).
My 2 yr old loves it!!! We got it in pink. Love that you can put restrictions on it, as well as a timer so that theyre not on it too long. The games and books are awesome
The Amazon Echo is one device I could not imagine being without. It is always there for music and any random question I have.
Generally Alexa is spot on when asked a question. Whether it's the weather, the time, my upcoming calendar events or most music. However, when asked to play classic oldies, I will usually get old country music. When asked about an actor in a tv series, she doesn't know the answer, even though I can find the answer on google. My grand kids love it for the corny jokes they get.
Great picturesPower and fast speedEasy to use!!!!
i had purchase the Amason fire table for the grandkids and it works great, the kids are having alot of fun downloading games and playing them with the family.
Really Enjoy the sound quality! Like that you can do voice commands from anywhere in the house.
Great for kids. Simple to use and a variety of apps.
Good reader for teenagers. Recommended by a friend.
I love the tablet and would buy it again and would tell my family and friends about the fire tablet
Great picture. Easy to navigate and control. Loaded with entertainment
One my favorite color ..................:.::::.::,
This is my 3rd Kindle upgrade. I love everything about it. The ebooks read to me at night, the games and the movies show extremely well...feels as though I am right there. My kids have ipads...but I'm stuck on my Kindle.
Great product!!
Bought this for my daughter to keep her busy in the car and flights. Works great. Good content.
I'm very happy with this tablet..My nephew loves it.
This thing is awesome. It plays my music, turns on my lights and cools my home all by way of my cell phone. I couldn't ask for more.
2 thumbs up! Alexa works great. Recognizes voice with no problems.
I did not use this product I gave it as a present.
Initially was purchasing this for my 2 yr old nephew but after I received it I could not part with it and bought him another cheaper brand.
Got this tablet for my daughter and she loved it again great tablet.
I hate it, there isn't any organization for the apps
It is a ton of fun, we enjoy the ease of use. Our house is not automated so we don't get full use of it. I do wish it used Google instead of Bing. But it works.
Good picture for video and reading. Wish amazon would expand app store or use Google play
everything you need, good price, easy to use and kid friendly
my grandson loves it plays it all time loves the app. store
Had the original kindle and didn't use it as much as this one. Love the convenience of being able to pick it up anytime no matter where I am and use it without having to worry about the lighting conditions of where I am.
The kindle paper white is just like reading a book
Works great and holds a charge forever. Looks as if I'm actually reading from paper.
The echo is so much fun! I have added 2 echo dots also & the Philips Hue lighting system. I love it!
Bought it for my granddaughter. She had an older Kendal which she gave to her younger brother but not a Amazon Fire 7" Tablet. She loves it.
The constant bombardment of ads when I turn on my tablet is not an experience that I enjoy. I would recommend you buy ANY other than one that runs the Fire OS. For the same price you can get a cheap android tablet and do a lot more with it.
LOVE MY ITEM AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THIS BEST BUY
Excellent for beginners. Or anyone that wants to start with a tablets.
My Kindle is fast and clear. I can change the size of the font, making it easier to read.
It is good device with respect to Technology and automating house hold electronics.. But Personally I like Google Home more than Amazone Echo.
Fantastic Excellent Purchase. Definitely buy another!
Easy setup. Loaded with many service/content providers. Some are fee based. Some provide free content. You choose which ones to view from. I only use the free ones. I would say that the quality of the streaming programs definitely depends on the quality/speed of your internet connection. So negotiate the best deal you can get for the fastest service you can afford. BTW... search the net to learn how to set this up with apps that allow you to stream stuff you never thought could be free. Enjoy.
This is my 2nd kindle. I had a 2nd generation. The paper white screen clarity is excellent and it's very light.
This device is very easy to set up as long as you know your wifi password, Amazon account information, and a TV with an available HDMI port. FYI...You must have an Amazon account to use this device.
I could not be happier with my purchase. The channel options are great. Very easy to navigate around menu.
It does more than my old one plus , is alot quicker than before and over all, the best of the best.
I think that for the price, this product is fantastic. It is more than acceptable for media consumption. I highly recommend it for those on a budget or need a secondary consumption device.
Love this speaker. The quality is great for the price.
My Hulu plays perfectly..great volume. Kindle starts right up so I'm able to read fine. However, when I'm on Facebook and click on an article to read, it goes to the page, and within 30 seconds, the page closes. Sometimes Facebook app won't even load. I find it blanking in and out and not showing some icons at times. I haven't dropped it so I'm assuming this is an internal problem :( I have tried playing a couple games and it will say that I need "the Amazon app" where I go to purchase stuff, which I already have...then it closes out saying ERROR. I wish I could replace for a new one.
This version is a really good upgrade over the older fire tablet that we had before. Very happy with it.
Love this tablet. Easy to use. And price was right
So helpful to power up our readers anywhere.
Got this vs the fire stick because of the wired connection, voice command remote, and netflix in 4K. It was a hands down, no brainer; it does what I need!
Love the echo she is awesome her jokes are something else.......
its need amazon account for download any apps ............... ita really pain for me . i dont like it
Excellent product. Simplifies wifi television viewing.
Works great, sound is clear and is really loud. Would recommend
Love this Kindle. It is my fourth kindle and it is best one yet.
The Amazon Echo was easy to set up and works as advertised. Shipping was very quick. Received it a couple of days earlier than expected.
Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.
i bought two fire tv boxes and both of them have problems, the problem is that the remote suddenly stops working and then it comes back and works, sometimes it takes a few minutes for it to start working. That never happen with the roku
Okay, I think it's okay for a beginner. I would recommend this product too a friend.
This is a really good tablet for adults but especially great for kids as you can load movies or add apps that they can use. The cost is so low you just can't beat it. Plus, the main feature for me was the Amazon Kindle name on the product which puts it way ahead of the no name tablets on the market. Great product and gift.
Much better than fire stick. Downloads much quicker
Easy to set up and connects without issues. Add a few wifi switches and skills and you have a voice activated smart house. Plus you can talk to Alexa and not feel lonely.
For the price this is a great investment. With amazon prime it becomes loads of fun
The Amazon Tap is a perfect complement to our Amazon Echo. Put this in our office space...has all the advantages of the Echo and is also a great Bluetooth speaker. Having to "tap" the mic button to summon Alexa is no issue at all! Sound quality is as good as any Bluetooth speaker on the market and it's extremely portable.
We give these out pre-loaded with course material and they are great. With the amount of stuff that we pre-load, printing would be cost prohibitive.
For a reading device, you cannot do better than Kindle. And, if you're going to get a Kindle, get the Paperwhite as the lights on the screen are worth the extra cost over the base model. You will NOT regret it.
This unit is far superior then the fire stick, it gets rid of the whole buffering scene :D. has option for wifi as well, get fire stick if you are going that route its the same thing but cheaper. Stream on :)
couldn't go wrong with the amazon tablet for $50 best deal there is only at Best Buy!
Bought the Amazon Fire Tablet as Christmas gifts for my grandsons, ages 8 and 12. They both liked it. It has a nice size screen for them to play their games on and you can't beat the price. Better than having them play on our expensive cell phones.
Good for playing music on a limited basis.Requires Spotify premium to play many selections. Frustrating when it only plays small samples of some artists.
No problems so far. Used by my 15 year old to play games and browse the Internet.
the perfect gift, excellent price good device !!!!
Absolute junk, don't waste your money. Bought for wife for a Christmas gift. Would not connect to Wi-Fi at my house. Useless!
what an amazing find! I was looking for a gift for my relative, somthing thoughtful, yet not too expensive. And here it was: Perfect size, and light, access to the internet, working great for a friendly price. Just today I received another text from my relative how happy she was with it!
Great device for an extra set up in the house and to use when phone is not handy
This is a tablet that's moderate priced with good results. Recommended highly for beginners or pre teens.
Seems to be a great unit with great accessibility.
Not very user friendly, in addition the camera exposure is not sharp enough. However a great tablet for a child to play with.
The Amazon Echo is like having a robot in your home. She responds to almost everything and it only took about 1/2 hour to set up
I bought four of these for Christmas gifts. Everyone really seems to enjoy them. I didn't realize that I could put the games I bought on amazon on all of them, bonus!
This is a awesome tablet. For the price it is a awesome tablet. It is perfect size to play games. Though little small for watching videos, it works perfect for daily use.
Bought this as a gift for my wife. She uses it mostly in place of her old black & white Kindle...mama is happy...so I am happy...
i very happy with my tablet i love it and if i ever get a new one it will be bigger love it
I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite. I especially love the fact that the light doesn't bother my husband at night while I am reading in bed.
Was wanting a bigger screen, which it is, trying to get use to different applications, so far seems easy.
How can't you like a cheep tablet that almost does everything a iPad does? I bought this as a book reader but it is so much more.
Love what I got works perfect good for my son he loves it
Got this for my kids for Christmas. Price was nice and no problems so far.
I THOUGHT THE TABLET WAS GREAT FOR THE MONEY. DID NOT LIKE HAVING TO GO ONLINE AND PRINT THE DIRECTIONS. DID NOT LIKE HOW TOUCHLY IT WAS.
Good intro tablet. 8GB is not much space, but it is a good starter for someone new to a tablet. For those that cannot afford an iPad or similar, this is a step down of course, but its a good introduction.
Kindle is nice for road trips to watch movies. Good battery life. It's cool.
Bought this mainly for my grandkids to play. The time limits you can set is great because they don't argue about who's on the most.
Great battery life. Very easy to read in all light. Lots of free books also!
I don't know how my household ran without my Alexa. She has become a member of our family!
Works well. No problems with this item. Easy to set up.
use it everyday. enjoy reading using the Kindle Fire HD 10.
I have a kindle fire and love mine so I decided to get one for each of the grandkids. There are so many learning games that are fun for them plus you have parental control
In my honest opinion spend the extra money on the FireTV and directly connect it to your router. If you have Brighthouse internet then you'll understand why. Their hardware constantly has wifi issues. So much happier that this plugs directly into the router and my streaming is no longer interrupted.
Alexa does all that was described. It is like having an assistant who selects your music, makes a shopping list and even buys things I need. She tells jokes too!
Great little tablet and it does everything I need it to do. Love playing games and keeping up with social media with it!
No access to the Internet.........Won't recommend!
We got the new Amazon fire TV as we got a new 4K tv. Right now there is still not as much 4K content as I would like, however it does 4K very well. Netflix and Amazon prime have a few 4K tv shows and movies that are available if you have a 4K tv, but the New Fire TV also has upgraded internals and faster wireless making everything much snappier. I would recommend a wired connection if you can, streaming will look much better and pause much less often.
I was so excited to start streaming 4k with this and the disappointment was terrible. It just never seemed to hit 4k while my Smart TV has no problem with it. The only reason I bought it was because I loved the original Fire TV and loved the setup. Also, it was glitchy and laggy. I gave it 2 days and returned it.
Nice product for the price. It does what we need it to do. Easy to use and handy to have with you instead of a heavy laptop.
Would highly recommend for anyone looking for a tablet.
Fun,sometimes difficult in phrasing my question fr Alexa. I love it but still having difficulty finding the ap to enable different things. N love the music and sound is good.
My mom is 89 and has a hard time with technology. This Kindle is simple and easy for her to use. It has fulfilled all of her basic needs.
Bought for my son for Easter. He loves it and easy for him to use. great for different apps for learning.
This kindle is so sharp and turns pages quickly. I can finish books quickly and store so many on here. Perfect!
According to my girlfriend, it is slow, but functional for simple things like web and watching TV. I bought it for game development testing and have been satisfied. Seems like an very good piece of hardware for only $50. Suspect amazon keeps the price low because they intend to make their money on selling you content through their locked-down store. It is an android tablet, but most of the google software you're used to is not there, which is the biggest downfall.
This Kindle is amazing for children and tweens. Its sturdy and light and fun to use.
It's absolutely perfect for my needs!! I liked it so much I bought a second one!
Excellent product, it was very easy to install. Compatible to all of our electronic equipment. Very user-friendly ��� love that it it has the voice feature on the remote.
I would recommend this to a friend is anybody with little kids
I bought the Echo for my son and daughter-in-law and they loved it. After Christmas I decided to get one for me and the wife. I really didn't think I would like it, but it turned out to be my favorite new tech toy. I already had a Honeywell smart thermostat and quite a few WEMO light switches. Now instead of getting out my iPhone to turn on the light, or change the thermostat, I just say "Alexa, turn the bedroom lights on" or "Alexa, turn the thermostat to 74 degrees". Best tech toy of the year!
This device can be a very load speaker, I mean really LOUD. It also can access AMAZON prime service without a computer. I like this little Tap.
I purchased the Echo as a gift for someone else who seams to be enjoying the product.
Pro's GPS accurate--easy to set-upCons small screen--does not count stairs adequately--would not push notification to my Samsung 7 edge
I love my Echo and the ease in using it. I may buy another one.
This is a good product for reading and browsing Internet.
Easy to setup and many addons to use.I now use my fire more than my tv.
This is a great little gadget for the price. It can't be beat.
Love the variety of programs, apps, etc. It was very easy to set up and start using.
Compare to the my old Kindle this so much easier to read no matter where the place or the lighting.
Cool. A lot of movies and tv I wouldn't get otherwise
This tablet is the perfect size and power for any work or home use.
I recently purchased this product. I am satisfied with this Amazon firestick. Good for 4K picture
It's great for my 7 year old. Easy for her to use.
Love this echo well worth the price. No complaints
I use this for playing music, alarms and control a few smart home devices. Great to see everything works flawless.
Very useful and fun to use.I bought 2 for the beach house
Bought this to replace 2015 Black Friday Fire after and the battery died. While there is a lot of value built into the tablet, the battery in the first one started acting up after 6 months and progressed into not able to hold a charge. As my family had grown to like it, we bought another one with strong reservation. I hope this one lasts longer and I'd recommend it if does.
I use this to access my Amazon Prime movies and Netflix. I like it.
This was a replacement for a well used Kindle - wife like it even better than her first and uses it a lot
Love the personal assistant function and listening to music and audio books.
Device works great but is really best only for simple tasks
So far it works well. I don't use it to control any lights or smart devices as I am in a temporary residence. But it responds well and is clear. It some time comes on by itself.
My patents loved this gift and can't get enough...
For the functionality and price it can't be beat. Why pay more for a sub par off band tablet when you can get a trusted brand. Makes a great gift especially for little ones and you don't break the bank.
The Amazon Fire 7 inch turned out to be a good deal. The screen resolution is better than I thought. The battery is very good.
I use the echo to turn on and off lights, play music, and control my air conditioning. I bought a WiFi thermostat and smart plugs to plug my lights into and they work well with it. I like it, but I wish I did more useful stuff. Like I don't need alexa to tell me a joke.
Great tablet for the money. Slimmer and lighter weight than my previous Samsungs.
Had to take first one back because the screen went haywire. The second one is doing great. Love how much it holds.
This is one of the best tabs for kids to start with.Rugged and sophisticated.
i have been looking at tablets for a long time, most of them a little expensive for what i would use it for. This tablet lets me read, email, searches and the best part I can buy books through amazon and not have to carry heavy books with me when i travel
I'm very ignorant of tablets. I bought this for my 2 year old and it has a lot to offer.
Bought this for my 3 year old grandson and he loves it good learning tool along with great fun for him!
My wife loves it since she is home alone in the day time
I bought this for my 6 year old and he loves it. So easy to use and navigate.
Love it it's like having a personal assistant, very good.
News, weather and music. That is pretty much all we use it for. If you have Amazon Prime it's nice to just request certain music to play. Sound is ok, not terrible, not great.
Great tablet but doesn't charge fast take a while to charge have to remove case to charge and I Brought 3 can be a hassle with kids
Best product to use if your are a movie watcher.i use mine on weekends when it's time to relax or nothing to do.
I bought this just to have a new device to play with. I love it now though and love Amazon Prime.
The Amazon Echo is the missing link to the complete smart home strategy. A must get for anyone looking to unify their smart home devices into a sensible and easy to use gadget.
Great for streaming. 4K capable , not as good as the nvidia shield but also less then half the price . Overall and excellent buy for the price.
Awesome media device. Great option for those looking to get rid of cable.
I love my Amazon Echo, I love that I can ask it questions and it will give me the answer. Plus I love to using it with my other smart home products.
Easy to use and love all the things I can do on it.
Bought two for 2 small boys to use instead of being on the phone and I really like it. Easy to link account. Good parent locks on it and easy enough to navigate
Buy a heavy duty screen protector had ours less than a month glass is shattered unable to find a place to fix it .. Do not buy this for kids grandson is 11 ...
Love my new Kindle Fire HD 10. I travel with it as well as use it at home. Perfect size for my needs. I own a 8in. but fount it was too small. Just ordered a keyboard to take when traveling.
I had been searching for a reliable and durable tablet for my child, after various reviews I went through with purchasing a pair of the kindle fires. For my child it is perfect, he's able to play games and videos without much issues. Being a young child durability is required as was low cost, this item has more than met expectations. For an adult it is more a passable option as the os can be frustrating and the unit will lag on occasion.
Great product, a much better alternative to the fire stick (which is slightly cheaper). Streams better, less buffer periods, and compatible with all programs I have used on it. Great purchase.
I use it for reading at night in my room, the light makes it great.
amazon fire tv box is awesome i love using netflix in 4k!
Took a bit of time but I figured how to get the most out out using Alexa and luv it.
I enjoy the convenience of the size and the ease of reading with this reader.
Good kids tablet for games and videos but the charger is pretty annoying.
I wanted a tablet that was easy to use that I could access my email, internet and stream shows/movies! It's perfect!
I love this KIndle. You really can't beat it for the price. It does a lot.
Set up directions could have been more detailed. Works fine with Sirius XM.
Having a good time learning all of Alexa functions.
Very different from my iPad. I'm sure I will get the hang of it.
Bought this for my six year old grandson. The set up was very easy. He is able to download kids only stuff and can send us videos of himself using the app. He just loves it. Truly kid friendly.
Okay, not all that great. I thought it would do more.
the only thing this needs is more space. The tablet works great! and adding apps was easy, it just did not have enough space for my endless amount of apps I use. but my granddaughter plays with it all day!
This is my son's 4th kindle. It is reliable but the charging plug area wears out quickly
I absolutely love my kindle 8! Great picture, storage & sound. Can't live without my kindle!
SO FAR SO GOOD I AM HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT I PURCHASED
Great tablet for those invested in the Amazon system. Nice screen and functions well.
Brought this for my granddaughter for Christmas...she loved it! No complaints...happy child.
I already have one of these that I had bought for Christmas. I bought this one for my grandmother because she loves to read just as much, if not more, than I do! She LOVES it! And the user interface is super easy to use so she has no trouble at all working it! She tells me all the time its the best gift she has ever gotten! If you are thinking about buying one DO IT! Its worth every penny and more!
This kindle is great for reading in bright light, especially if you're on the beach. I recommend getting a case for it since it can scratch easily. Very lightweight and easy to carry. Price wasn't too bad either since it was on sale.
I came in to Best Buy to get a game for my BF and ended up walking out with this for only $35! I always wanted one and am very happy with my purchase!
I'm am not real good with computers but this is simple enough for me to use however I am still figuring everything out on it, so far so good.
Bought extra for a gift. Plan to give it for a Christmas present.
Good for watching movies, reading books and playing games but don't expect to do much more. Everything else can be a challenge and it can get laggy and once in a while it'll just shut down a program or completely reboot.
Good basic tablet, but already have troubles. Amazon sent a new one.
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson and it was easy for him to learn and became his favorite Christmas present.
Ok. So it's super cool being able to just talk to something that's right there in the kitchen and ask questions, set a timer, check the news or even listen to music. You just have to get over the freak out of who else might be able to listen in if hackers find a way!
The camera was very clean and being able to use the child user option is fantastic for toddlers.
Maybe im just partial to anything Amazon does but this tablet rocks!
This tablet works well and provides basic app service. It does a great job for what it is intended for,
Thos is awesome does everything it says and more only thing is its not portable but amazon sells a aftermarket charger base that makes it portable
the best and fun speaker i love the way you can find news and music
Before the purchase, I was concerned that the unit will be as slow and awkward to use as some other entry-level tablets that I had purchased in the past but I was very wrong to think that. This tablet is fast and easy-to-use. Way to go Amazon!!!
It is a nice Kindle for the price. Works and runs well for all i needed
With a $20 off deal last blackfriday, who will not get it. Much clearer and faster than the other fire HD. Light weight too
This is my grandson first tablet. He is thoroughly enjoying it.
It is an outstanding product to use for automated home system and hands free music playing from smart device
Its a great little computer quick browsing great camera
Purchased two of these as gifts for Christmas. No complaints.
Bought this for my 2 years old son, and he loves it. I installed few kids games, enough to keep him busy and learn colors, shapes, animals, etc. Best Buy delivered the tablet on time as promised. Very satisfied with the purchase.
This is a good tablet. The only thing that would make it better is it being HD.
Good all-around tablet, able to multitask many things.
With an Amazon Prime account you have access to a good set of channels. To replace broadcast TV you still need additional service accounts.
Works well enough but is outstanding for the price, just be wary of the operating system you could poetically download an android emulator that would make this a 4/5 instantly
Am used to Kindle Fire which I love. No light to read by in the dark. Hard to navigate. This was a gift - would never purchase on my own.
I bought this for my wife's birthday present. She absolutely loves it! It is easy to use, easy on her eyes, and she prefers it to paper. Best present I've given her this year!
Perfect device for making music, weather, scheduling all easier day to day
Really cool device. Always finding something new to do with it
This is my third kindle. Work offshore and read a lot. Unable to carry books with me so the kindle is perfect.
Great simple tablet for younger children to use...
Just got home and found the packet is empty, there is no product we ordered in it. What do we do now
I bought the Echo primarily for operating my home automation, rather than for music. I have a Sonos system that I use for music.The Echo works great enabling me to adjust the lighting and temperature at multiple homes, all from my own home. It's great because it interconnects discrete systems using my Wink hub. I have lots of Lutron Casetta wall switches and Nest cameras and thermostat which Alexa can control
Alexa answers maybe 1 out of 10 questions we ask her - she uses Bing.com and it is really bad. Her standard answer is - I don't know the answer to this question. We ask her easy questions about stats or people. We also have a Google home and it answers almost every question right.
Great price. As good as iPad mni for 200 less! Made great gift.
The Kindle Fire is a great value doing most of what more expensive tablets do for a great price.
I researched several different e-readers before deciding to purchase this tablet. This one was the best fit financially and it also allowed me more flexibility to access books from my local library. That feature alone is very valuable. I may decide to upgrade to something with less glare for outdoor reading, but for now this is perfect. Very easy to keep in my bag and since I am an android user this was not difficult to learn.
From what I can tell my kids love these. I do wish there was an option to keep it on the kids profile though
The echo provides you with weather updates, what's playing at the local theaters, updated News, plays voice activated games, plays your favorite music on demand, alarm clock, tells you what time it is, you can use it to turn on/off your lights, lock doors there's a variety of free apps to use it canhelp you with recipes for cooking, recipes for making drinks, has an app for health care. There are so many things that this echo can do. Highly recommend it.
I love my kindle because it's so convenient when I want a new book. I can download it right away from the device and even check out books from the library. The battery lasts a long time. I've only charged it twice since I've had it and I read almost every night. I keep it on airplane mode to conserve extra battery.
I got this tablet to replace my kindle e-reader. I was not disappointed, it's a great tablet to read books and comic books on. Browsing the internet is ok on it, if that is what you want to do also. Basic games work great, but if you want to play extensive 3D games, you might want to get a different tablet, you can't expect a $50 tablet to run any of those. Overall, it's a great tablet for what I wanted it for.
Like it very much. Enjoy using it. The whole family participates and has fun.
I bought both the Amazon Echo & Echo Dot. The Echo provide better music, obviously, because of its taller size. I liked the slick design. Still exploring and awaiting the many more things I can do with it.
Works good, has very nice screen brightness and resolution
I use it to keep her busy with educational games and she loves being on it!
I love this. wish I brought a bigger screen one....
Perfect e reader for beginners. My daughter is 9 and loves it
i liked t because its not harmful to my eye like the monitor or the mobile its the best choice for reading
This is my second Echo. If you are NOT into home automation, the speaker is worth the price just as a speaker. However, if you have an amazon Prime membership, the Echo really shines with access to prime music and other Amazon services. It is also a good way to start into home automation. I personally have the wink Hub and Relays; Alexa (Echo´s Siri) integrates perfectly with Wink and IFTTT. I am placing Echos in rooms where I want Wireless music and the dots in the rest of the rooms to control my Smart devices from anywhere in the house.
the sound and pictures are great and easy to download apps.
Exelente streaming box, ultra fast and no buffering!
Some channels still glitchy but overall great hardware.
This is a good entry tablet for toddlers. I like the Amazon exchange policy if it breaks.
Bought this as a present for my boyfriend, and we both were very disappointed. I read lots of reviews and thought it would be an awesome gift to give. Alexa is a Siri downgrade. Don't waste your money on this.
My mom was perfectly happy with it, very user friendly for someone who is not really tech savvy.
Bought one because my brother in law had one and I'm still learning new thing ls to do with it
Perfect for the price. It is great to bring with you on the go. And like I said can't beat the price. The only con is it has a plastic back so be careful. The battery is great. I would absolutely recommend this product.
I love this tablet and like quality of the picture and clarity of the screen
My daughter just loves her new Kindle. It's so easy for her to use and there's plenty of free apps for her to play with To stay out of brothers hair.
The screen is very pleasant to read with. Overall would recommend it.
I got this for a friends son the only problem with it is he won't put it down LOL
Always a good price and good for what it's meant for.
This is great if you need a bigger screen than your phone when you're commuting to and from work on the train or wherever you go
It's not bad especially considering the price.i would recommend
I started with the original kindle and it worked great but required good lighting. The paperwhite is so much nicer as you can use anywhere and in any type of light. Perfect!
Easy to set up. Good size tablet. Like the addition of Alexa
I bought this for my eight year old to use in the car. It works well for him.
Has been very durable with kids and easy to use. Great product for price.
I checked out several other brands before I bought this one. In my opinion this is the best product for the price. It was easy to set up and easy to use. It opened a new door of entertainment possibilities.
Best tablet I've ever owned. Super clear picture, amazing sound & the battery lasts forever. Brightness is adjustable so it's great for reading or games & playing around on the internet.
Great steelbook for a great movie. this steelbook is amazing
Echo dot on steroids! Love it. Own the dot AND the regular echo.
Perfect size for travel so kids can be entertained in the car and checking emails and watching shows and reading e-books very convenient for mom's on the go. worth the every cent
I cannot believe i bought this junk. It's always in freezing mode and i have to reboot it multiple times within a given hour. None of the apps work properly. I have tried to update the op. system, but that didnt help.
I purchased this item for the home automation integration. Its pretty cool for just saying "Alexa, turn on my kitchen lights". Integrates with all the large players in home automation, Wink, Smartthings, Philips Hue, etc. Its also works well as a bluetooth speaker, streaming from your phone or tablet. It also streams Pandora and radio stations via TuneIn.It doesn't do anything useful other than that, besides simple queries about weather, etc.
My wife is a nurse and uses this tablet at work and she loves it
Christmas present for a 4 year old. Showed her once how to turn it on, how to charge and how to get to the various apps. She is totally capable of operating the device on her own. So easy breezy a 4 year old can use it independently.
The echo is a really fun, handy device to have around. I always start my day with "Alexa...good morning" for a fun fact about the day. My wife and I use her in conjunction with our philips hue lights and nest thermostat which makes you really feel like you have a "smart home". Asking questions and taking advantage of prime music are a few additional things we use Alexa for on a regular basis. Overall I think, as long as you purchase the echo when it's on sale, it's a worthy investment, especially if you have other connected devices, but it's not an essential device that you can't live without.
Not that I don't love it but I wish it would have been a little bigger. More book like.
I have the Amazon stick but this is much faster and better. I am very happy I purchase the Amazon TV box. I bought this TV box for my bedroom which I spend 90% of my time. It is much faster than my regular Netflix site. I love the idea I can also log on to my Netflix on the TV box, too. I am going to get another one for my family room. Good thing it was on the Labor Day sale (Smile)
A fast and good quality tablet for the money that you spend.
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite. I love the small size and the fact that is backlit.
I was looking for ways to cut cost from a raising cable bill and a friend suggested I try the Amazon Fire. At first I didn���t know if this was something I could do. Once I was able to maneuver through the process, I love it.
The Amazon Echo is a great device to use for listening to audible books or music, recording a shopping list and controlling other smart devices in the house.
No complaints, no issues with product. Works as expected. I use it mostly for music and controlling a few lights in my room.
This is my second Echo Just purchased for new condo Greatest invention - both for music, information and ordering Also, once you attach to voice command features such as lights it's amazing.
Lots of good features for the Amazon member. Tablet is nice and fast.
My son needed a tablet to take notes on at college classes. He wanted something small and lightweight instead of taking his laptop. He's found it to work perfectly for what he needs!
It is a good inexpensive tablet. It lags occasionally but is great for something to watch movies or television while waiting for an appointment or anywhere with free wifi.
The fire is good had to buy a extra memory card. The charger is shorter than it should be. My son likes it
Been a Kindle fan since 1.0. Keeps getting better. I thought the original Paperwhite was perfect however the extra storage and speed are needed and a welcome addition.
Tablet works pretty good. I purchased it since I was a to make two accounts. One for myself and one for my child. Goo buy!!
This is a great gift for my 6 year old nephew. He will enjoy it for hours.
I liked the first one so much, I went out and bought another one! Love everything about this product. Please ensure you have great internet in order to properly run the services.
I was looking for a good, cheap tablet for general use, and this fit the bill. The one thing that hits you outright is the build-in marketing Amazon uses in the tablet that you cannot remove. For instance, the home screen is filled with links for Amazon Video, Amazon Books, Amazon Gifts, etc, etc. You an't remove them, but I found out you can create a folder and drag each into that folder to essentially remove them.After that, install a free app for a File Manager then go in and rename the folder(s) that you create to make it easier to find apps that you hide. You will also need to install Adobe Reader to read PDF files, since it isn't installed.Another marketing scheme is that the screen saver is an ad each and every time you wake it. After a while though you get to ignore it.Performance is great - fast and easy to navigate. The built-in browser has everything you should need. Battery life looks really good. I had the screen brightness at about 1/2 power and it looked good. The screen black level is really good and the contrast makes the colors sparkle. If you turn the brightness up too high, the colors begin to wash out a little.Amazon seems to offer this tablet at a lower price in exchange for their promotions of Amazon products. Once you get around that, you see the value you get in this tablet.
Better than fire stick a lot faster loading lots of movies and games great product
I was not sure weather Alexa would be a real help and flexible enough to be useful. It is ! Great fun and great info. If it only was able to play my music, Pandora and IHeart Music it would be worth it but it does so much more. Every day we learn how ask the right questions to get the best answers and info. The weather and timer are always helpful. Daily Bible verse is great. Her programmed answers to regular interaction is great. I Highly recommend this product.
backlit screen is excellent for reading in bed. Paper white is excellent for reading in sun. Very compact. Super simple to use.
Its a good tablet, I use it for e-textbooks, very comfortable.
Easy to set up and use. It's a wonderful electronic device! With Amazon Prime and/or Pandera, it gives you voice control over a huge music library. In addition to music offerings, Alexa is very entertaining!
Enjoyed this tablet. Easy to use, light weight to hold and good size carry in your purse
Sound is great and very easy to use. Like the app that shows what song is playing and what songs have played. Like the ordering feature to use for reordering past purchases.
Amazon products are always good as expected. And I am totally satisfied with my purchase.
Faster than the firestick I definitely would buy another one much better than Google Chrome
I think the cord needs to be a bit longer. This would enable you to read while charging.
My Fire TV has it so much easier moving away from cable.
Best Amazon app for purchasing thinks. More memory card use 64 gb or more
This is one of the fastest smoothest android boxes.
My first kindle. Really like it. Glad I bought it!
We all know how great this is. It's only a question of where to buy it. BB has the best price!
I would recommend this to anyone it quite compact and easy to use and it good for any age.
This is one of the most amazing products I have ever purchased!I highly recommend this product
Very good tablet to gift somebody. I bought for my niece.
This tablet has grt performance and good camera and long backup. 2 year warranty make lifw more easy for parent's.
I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.
I bought this as a gift for my four year old to read onand play educational games on. She loves it and it was a great price.
No worries with this tablet. It's easy to work and has all the functionality of the big boys.
Love this kindle fire. Awesome product for an incredible price.
I originally purchased this as a gift for my daughter and quickly decided that I needed one for myself as well.For the price, you can't find a better screen on an e-reader. And the compact size makes it easy to take along with you anywhere. If you are thinking about the cheaper one, it's definitely worth the upgrade.
We're all still learning all the tricks we can do. My granddaughter has Alexa read her bed time stories. My son likes her jokes. I like the 7 minute workout.
Great product and fits all my needs. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a tablet for elderly people. They seem to have no problem using it.
We bought this product to compliment our other amazon product for its portability.
Love the new look and feel of my new Kindle Voyage. I especially love how it adjusts the reading light automatically.
brought this to replace a tablet that my girlfriend lost it's perfect for her it fits her hand and she can still do most of the things that she did on her old tablet way to go Amazon
I bought this for my daughter for her 16th birthday and she likes it to ware her mind down at night. She made the comment that it great with the exception that its a bit slow, other than that it suits her needs.
I purchased three of these Tablets for gifts for three young children. Should have bought one for myself. Grafics are more than I could have imagined.Great for learning and playing games!!
This was a great purchase! Love the fact I can download TV or movies and watch off-line. Easy set up.
I got this device to start my home automation system. Alexa plays my favorite iHeart station at the touch of the app on my phone. She also turns on and off four light bulbs at my command. I ask her the day's weather forecast for my city. She also keeps my weekly grocery list and it goes right to the phone app. I hope to add other jobs for in the future. I went with these device because she has more experience than the Google device.
I had read reviews. It is just like what reviews said. It is really good. I still have to try some features. Probably I should have gone for Kindle Light. Maybe next time. But for now I am totally satisfied.
Bought this tablet on sale. I can look up all the things I 'm interested in.
Great Tablet. My Grandson never wants to put it down. He plays it for hours and the rubber case really protects it because he is rough with it.
Great product, works as described. Has a lot of apps to choose from. One downside, I had a 2010 LG tv and the tv was too old to use the Amazon Fire tv. The Fire tv requires the tv to be hdcp 2.0 compliant. Many older tvs are not and won't work on them. Make sure it works before purchase.
We are a total Apple family so I was a little hesitant to purchase this when our iPad stopped working. So glad we did because it's perfect and can't beat it for the price!
Great starter tablet for any one looking to not spend much money.
This is one of the best products I use in such a long time not only you could watch live television and movies you can catch up with the shows do you like both international and domestic
perfect gift perfect price for my wife to bring her into the technilogical modern world we live in
Easy to use. No technical issues whatsoever. Great value for the money
works great, easy to use. play videos and game good
Enjoying Alexa and still trying to learn everything it can do. Looking forward to learning what all it can do.
doesnot work After three weeksI cannot open it. so sad
Alexa has been the best new addition to our family. This device has helped control lights, HVAC, and our home security system. Alexa provides lots of entertainment with family games like trivia. A big plus is that Alexa will start my car so it's warm for me on cold mornings...she's earning big points in my eyes! ;)
I bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loves this Kindle. It is a good size and the price was right.
Great product for security home system. Easy set up and usage.
I bought this so i can save all of my books. It was a bit small at first but you get used to it. Overall i am very satistfy
This amazon echo speaker is wonderful. Great quality sound speaker for music and does so many neat things. My favorite feature is the grocery and to do list. Way to stay organized hands free!
Does a good job answering your questions. Easy set-up.
I purchased on Amazon Echo, set it up, and used it and absolutely love it! I have automated my Philips Hue lights, ecobee3 thermostats, television, and garage doors with it. I loved it so much, that I purchased a second for my upstairs, and purchased one for my brother for Christmas. He loves it as well. I use it for my alarm clock, cooking timer, weather notifications, and news. There are so many things to do with this device, that the list is too long to write. I hope they update the application so you can use multiple Echos as intercoms throughout the house.
Has great sound, clarity,alexia has great responses
This was a super deal! I love my Kindle and can't believe I got a tablet so inexpensive.
I love this product. The fact that I can connect the fire tv to an Ethernet cable is one of the best perks imo. It fast, the remote just works and there is no buffering
This is the second one I have bought now. Quick delivery and service is great as always
Works perfectly. Is quick and fun to use. Music sounds great.
The tablet doesn't have the best specs, but it was cheap and for my 3 year old. Great product so far!
Great product!! A good product for the price!! Great battery life
Just love that breadth of tv entertainment available from this!
I wanted to upgrade my Kindle Fire - First Edition. This one is really nice. Graphics are superb as is the speed in loading. I don't know, yet, what else it can do as I haven't explored it thoroughly. It's like a mini lap top and has a camera that takes very clear pictures and has wireless connection to the internet.
Great purchase. quick speed lots of choices to watch and cheap !
I love this thing. So many things you can do. Fun!!!!
My daughter loves her kindle. She enjoys being able to watch youtube and Netflix. It's a perfect size for her.
SuperFun to use.easy set up and great product. ❤❤
This box will replace cable, food and water. If it didn’t need power, I’d live for free!
Love the fire box! Quick and easy to navigate. I watch all my faves in the apps and cut the chord with my cable company!
My first tablet purchase & is perfect for my needs. Very easy to operate.
its great for children not costly good for daily use
The product fully exceeded my expectations. Highly recommend
Limited apps, screen not as easy to touch. Good for the price.
I've had the old 6" HD Amazon tablet which I use with the students at the school where I teach. Got this 7" tablet on my first day at this job to keep at home and use. The larger real estate of this tablet is fantastic...along with the new version of the OS.
When I bought the Echo back in 2014. My wife hated it and said she will never talk to inanimate objects. Fast forward 2017 and we use it to turn off lights, turn on the tv, set the thermostats, listen to music, and even as an intercom system. The echoes are the center of our home automation. The only negative I can see is that sometimes I do feel that it's always listening to every conversation but I guess there is a mute button for that.
While I purchased this item as a gift for my son, it proved to be one of the best choices I could have made. He loves Alexa and the ability to ask her whatever seems to be on his mind. Echo is a wonderful complement to information availability and information technology to better our lives. A great gift and a most useful item.
Overall, my kids love it. I originally had a defective remote, but I was able to return the item and obtain a replacement without any problems.
Was a bit difficult to initially set up. Ease in operations would be great, the tablet doesn't hold battery well at all. It seems that maybe and hour or two goes by before time to re-up on battery life.
Bought it on sale $10 off regular price. No brainer. Smoother performance than I expected.
This was a bday gift and I absolutely love it! She tells jokes, plays music and much much more! Fun for the entire family or just some relaxing down time!
GREAT MEMORY,GREAT MOVIES,GREAT READING, GREAT GAMES,DO I HAVE TO SAY MORE
It's not really an Android device as everything is Amazon centric. Not a massive problem unless you want to integrate with Google products such as ChromeCast. You also can't switch off tracking features and use add blockers, the lock screen even has an advert! However if you can put up with that then it is a great little tablet with excellent performance.
This was a gift for my wife and she loves it, so needless to say so do I.
For the price, this is an amazing tablet. I was able to side-load the Google Play Store for an even better Android experience. The best of both worlds (Amazon/Google)
Alexa is like talking to ur self but with google knowledge and answers back
It works great. We are using it to play pandora music all day at the store. So far, we don't have any issue. It works very consistently.
Much snappier than the fire stick highly recommend.
I have the Fire Stick and it did not support 4K, so I purchased the Fire TV with my new 4K TV and this unit performs better than my Fire Stick. There is not much waiting between clicks and it supports 4K!
The thing broke within the first week. The charging port was bent and it wouldn't charge.
slower than my last kindle. the power button is not easy accesible when in a case.
Kindles are easy to carry when traveling on long flights.
I use I daily for news, weather and music. It's really nice to have in the house.
We bought this as a gift for a family friend. She uses it all the time for Netflix. She is really happy with it.
Fun, entertaining and useful. Wish the functionality was a bit more robust however amazon is making great progress with constant updates.
Great for kids that mostly play games and stream videos.
Because of the reasonable cost, I was able to buy 3 of these tablets for my grandchildren for Christmas, and to date they are working just great.
Great Tablet for South America. Much more expensive there. it works great and is very fast. No problems getting it on the SA network.
great for simple use of only reading. and able to read in the sunshine.
Happy yes, but all the advertisements are annoying. We knew they would always be there. It is what it is! We are iPad users and it is a step down from the iPad.
It is not as easy to use as my iPad. There is no Retina display , which I got used with my Apple gadgets
Item was bought as a gift I haven't used the device seems my 6 year old was enjoying the games he downloaded
Works as expected. Very easy to use and does not hurt my eyes like a tablet would.
I was hoping he would not want to put it down, like the other tablet he had (sprout chubby )But he stills wants my phone.
great tablet, we love it, great for family with kids
I needed a simple tablet to use in my car on long trips. Bought two of these and boy do they deliver!!! The best tablets for this price. The kindle book reader is an added bonus. The finishing is good. My kids love it.
My granddaughter used her phone constantly to play games and when she needed to make a call phone is dead. Now with tablet, she FaceTime me more and her phone now keep a chatge.
Got this for my eight year old son. But wanted to keep it for myself after testing it out. Good graphics, camera front and rear. Camera resolution as good as could be expected for 50 bucks. Access to play store apps a plus. All in all good 50 bucks spent.
Great for my one year old baby,he loves to play games and watch movies..
Recently upgraded from the 7inch kindle and i must say huge improvements. all i can say is that if they can speed up the processor by next year with more ram they might compete with the ipad!
I use this everyday. It's a great buy. Everything you need is ready to go as soon as it turned on.
havent been able to use to its full potential, but cant wait
Plays music, answers questions. Better than a cat.
This was purchased as a gift for an avid reader and as a streaming media device. I looked at the bigger kindle but this one is the right compromise between size and portability for the planned uses.
Bought this as a replacement for my child's iPad. Took her a little while to learn the new OS but once she got the hang of it it was pretty easy. Lots of content and excellent at the price point.
Is good alexa. I recomed all people buy. Sound good
So far I have enjoyed my Kindle Paper White E reader.It is light weight, easy to read inside or outside.The battery life so far is fine.I had to order a case & charger directly from Amazon, could not find instore to fit
I just look at the instructions,buy some cable wires,make sure you have internet,walahhh
Received as a Christmas gift and it has met all of my expectations!
My son loves it. Light weight. Good price for a great product. I would purchase another one.
outstanding time filler, weather traveling or just relaxing. SD card expandable to hold several movies. Oh, and hey, front and rear cameras. And all on the cheep.
If your connected to amazon the tablet is great to use.
Great Price on a nice little tablet , easy to use !!
I gifted this tablet to my niece and she loves its, easy for her to handle.
This was a gift for my toddler grandson. He loves it.
This Fire TV is perfect for my intended use, I have cut the cable with the big cable companies and plan to use this for a long time.
Very lightweight. Lots of features. Easy to read. Good software.
My best friend loved this kindle. She loves reading books and she certainly love this Kindle. She can read books anywhere she wants without having to carry her books individually. If you are a book lover, like she is, then you will love this.
Used it for watching television shows. The picture was clear and the audio was decent for the location of the speakers.
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite I have bought at Best Buy. I wouldn't be without it and take it everywhere I go. The first one just wore out as I had it for several years. I have noticed new additions from the previous one which really helps.
My Grandson uses this just about every night. It was a great purchase and we're glad we made it.
I got exactly what I was expecting with this purchase, a low cost device for media consumption (e-books, movies, music) with surprisingly decent performance in the few games I've tried on the device. The MicroSD expansion card slot is a must-have for me when purchasing any tablet device.
The product works well 95% or so. There are days the unit seems to get confused or is very slow in responding
Amazon continues to offer quality products with the Amazon fire HD 8 for a reasonable price.
It makes me so happy to listen all kind of their music station
My eight year old loves the games and it is safe for her to use.
I bought this to replace an old model Kindle. The only reason was so that I could have a good reading light for bedtime reading. This Kindle accomplishes that very well.
Overall, this 7" tablet perfoms well. It's not the fastest, brightest, or thinnest on the market. But for $50 it is an great value. It doesn't come with the Google Playstore pre installed it can be easily added.
Its so small its easy to get lost under your TV! Its very fast, and easy to use. Log in to your amazon account and Netflix and Hulu and you have tons of options right at your fingertips!Have not really used alexa all that much so not sure how well it works overall. The phone app remote works pretty well so that is nice when you cant find the tiny fire TV remote/ too lazy to look for it! :) Some of the apps do not work all that great/ don't utilize surround sound but the main ones do. Got it on sale for $85. Definitely worth this price!
Really good for anyone all the best parts of amazon kindle fire but with new expandable storage which makes awesome plus cameras which were not available before
Amazon fire adds a new dimension to tv watching. So much easier to use than other remotes.
I recently dropped my cable provider and i had been using the Amazon Firestick which works great. The Fire TV was on sale and, since we have 2 tvs, i bought it. Couldn't believe the beautiful picture on my Samsung tv. I subscribed to HBO, Amazon Prime, and Showtime so I dropped my monthly bill with Directv from $190 to $30 and i have a ton more content.
I like this tablet very much except that they have a game or app one has to clear before one gets to the main screen. Other than that the battery lasts a long time and its compact and easy to use.
Love not having to carry books and being able to get a variety of books.
The Amazon Fire is a very good tablet that is very user friendly and the price is great.
I love this tablet for alot of reasons..Expandable memory slot of up to 128 mb SD card for music in the car an anywhere..Netflix for every1 in the family.Perfect for the 3 year olds phonics an movie time..
I bought this to replace a 7"fire hd tablet that broke. Amazon changed the operating system so it took me a while to figure it out. I set this up for my son with special needs. I tried to make it as simple as possible for him. It is a little bigger. The sound isn't as good as the previous fire tablet. It also seems very slippery. I got a rubber honeycomb type cover for it. That seems to help us to grip it better. Over all, it's a good tablet for a child. Just use parental controls, and get a good cover for it.
Very well built, enjoy reading on it and streaming video
If you love music or any kind of general information she can find it for you have it there and a quality of the sound is over what I expected
This feels flimsier than my 2 year old kindle fire but it does what it needs to for me--store books. I especially like the blue shade feature for night reading.
You have to pay for every thing -any thing you want to do --you do not pay for the tempter, time and joked. You owe your money to amazon. A unique toy for the rich. What a bargain???????
I bought this for my 9 year olds birthday. He loves it. Not too fancy, but gets the job done for him.
I have apple tv and this thing is way better. I do have prime.
Purchased this product for as a backup tablet. . The one con I have is that the internet browser runs a little slow. Other than that a good product.
It's great for being able to easily listen to music or Howard Stern. It also has cool skills you can download to do interesting or funny things. I just wish the speaker was a little better
I use it every day. 4k shows like the Grand Tour look impressive. Set up is easy.
We have an iPad but bought this for the kids unlimited prime content. We have enjoyed it and it has a lot that the iPad doesn't. The menu could be more friendly but I like the parental limits it has.
Has good sound for little speaker & good for getting information with out getting up.
Best B It is helping them to learn to read and follow directions .Best Buy had the products and provided great customer service. Grandsons are enjoying product use.
easy to use, easy to love. extremely user friendly. Beats the nook I had by a 1000%. the battery life is outstanding
I went to get the smaller echo but spoke to a salesperson and this one has a much better speaker and it was on sale.
Easy to use and the HD is awesome. The simplicity as well as the easy to follow directions to set it up is great. It does everything I want it to do.
I bought this for my son. He likes that he can take it with him where ever he goes. Great quality for the money. I paid 3x this for my kindle and this one does everything mine does. I'll be purchasing more as Christmas gifts.
Works great! I like it better than cable. My new favorite device to watch movies and tv shows. My kids like the games that are available.
I bought it for a gift and I love the price. Also my nice is enjoying it
I purchased this for my 3 year old granddaughter after having purchased her older sister one last year when she was 3. It's comforting knowing it has as durable cover to endure the energy of a toddler.
Video quality from the Amazon Fire TV box is amazing. I have many other streaming devices from Amazon Fire stick first gen and Nexus player, this device is head and shoulders above the rest. Highly recommended.
I bought it cause I wanted to read more. That didn't happen, I tried and I just can't read on devices I need old school paper between my hands
Every morning I ask Alexa about weather updatesShe has not failed me yetLove my purchase
My previous tablet was a Samsung, it was great but it was exactly like my phone. If you love to read, the kindle fire is the perfect device. So far I have had no problems downloading and the battery lasts longer than expected, especially of you read as much as me. Also the picture quality is better than most tablets I've owned.
This kindle is the lightest one yet. Easy to operate and great to carry on planes.
this was perfect for when the grandchildren are over. we have ten from age 2 thru 13 and they all love it. i even enjoy using it
This is a must for anyone, i use it for music but it has so many more options daily added!
I bought this as a christmas gift.. The person I bought it for had a different brand and had troubles with it, they have been extremely happy with the Fire tablet
Purchased it for my daughter. She love this very much. It is really good.
Son loves it........................................
It's the amazon version of AppleTv. I guess I expected something a little more "wow" for the cost, but it looks like amazon's app on my xbox and smart tv. Not anything super special. It works as intended though and not really any problems. The remote feels flimsy compared to the aluminum of the apple tv gen 1-3
Plugged it in and it found my network easily. My server is on the second floor and have no speed issues. Much faster than my Apple TV older version and the Roku 2 paper weight that was always my network problem....
Set up was simple and was very pleased with the picture quality that streamed to the tv and since you can watch Amazon Prime movies, even better
You have to purchase the power outlets, light switches, and other things for Alexa to communicate with. Once you do and setup them up, it works pretty well. You have to be careful if you put it near the TV where they might do a commercial or a story about it on the news, Alexa has pretty good hearing and perks up when she hears her name. Over all, easy to set up with the app and works pretty well. Takes some time getting used to asking Alexa to turn on or off the lights and not just reaching for the light switch.
Alexa works great for listening to spotifly (only if you have premium) and very basic information (time, weather). She has a tough time answering questions. This is not a Google machine. She consistently would not understand simple questions. The volume is very loud and can be adjusted manually or through voice. She also can learn skills which some are hit and miss. I'd still recommend this product if you have a smart home (smart outlets, locks) or if you have spotifly premium.
I prefer this than the fire stick because it doesn't freeze like the stick does.
As an avid book reader, I have always loved having an actual book. I was very reluctant to get a Kindle at first. However, It has been such a surprise. It's very light weight and thus easier to hold then a traditional book. You can easily download new books at the click of a button. There are daily and monthly deals you can take advantage of for a fraction of the cost of a regular book. The viewing experience is superb because you can change fonts and size and increase or decrease background lighting, making it very easy to read in any light. If I don't know a word I can automatically look up the definition or add highlights or notes. Plus, I can carry an entire library with me where ever I go. I actually read way more now than I ever did before. I am extremely impressed with this device and it's more than exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend it to anyone.
This is such a great product, to listen to music, get the latest news, look up information on the web and get jokes of the day!
Very nice product, works seamlessly. Very easy to setup. easy to down load apps and has a faster processor. You can down load the movies/songs and other stuff if you connect the hard drive. Voice activated remote is an added benefit.
My son loves this tablet. He can read books and play games on one device.
This product is very impressive. Used every day ty
It's a nice gadget. Sometimes though it cannot understand what I'm wanting her to do. But the more you use it, the better it gets.
we got our 14 year old an Amazon Fire for Christmas. The screen was broken a couple months ago. She liked it so well that she used her own money and bought a new one.
Works just like echo but portable!! Great stuff. As described!
Perfect for young kids. Small, yet easy to operate.
cant beat this tablet for 50 bucks great present for anyone
Large enough it is not a strain on my child's eyes. In two days my three year old figured it out. Great for her to watch her shows and play games. Have not used it much past setting it up.
Grateful I have the hottest item of the year and it works great! Thank you Best Buy!
The Amazon echo is great for a quick information source it's also great for music. My kids love it for controlling lights and spelling random words.
Needed something smaller than a laptop to carry around. This is perfect.
I absolutely love my Amazon Fire. When I travel I always have access to my book, emails, and the internet all in a nice little unit that fits in my purse. You can enlarge the print to make it easier to read. Very happy and you sure can't beat the price!
I got these for my children for Christmas they are great for them for the size
Very easy to set up.Easy to navigate, clear picture!
I just loved it .. it was really nice .. I would definitely recommend to buy the product
I was quite disappointed when I began working through the menus and discovered that my 2 year old Roku 3 was far more intuitive. Roku also allows searches of all of your subscribed services. If I am already paying a subscription fee to Netflix or HBO NOW and I can watch a tv show or movie without additional cost why should I pay Amazon to watch it? I am a fan of Amazon services and a Prime member but I also don't want to throw my money away. Roku is still the best.
I got 2 of these for my 8 yr old twins. My 11 yr old has one but this one is better. Perfect way to get them to read
Got this for my boy and he loves it plus he had dropped it a few times picks it up and keeps on playing
I absolutely love Alexa. It's the best purchase that I've made in a long time. She's so handy and funny too! I love that I can ask her to play my music, ask for a recipe, ask about the weather all within the comfort of my couch!! I'd recommend this baby to everyone!
We bought two Kindle Paperwhites and we just love them! I love the size and portability of them. One of them was for our kids so that when we travel we don't have to bring a bunch of books in the car, it's all on one little device and frees up so much space in the car!
I really love this product. I like to order products why talking to Alexa. HAHA!!
Overall couldn't be more happier with the tablet works great for the price of it I would def recommend to my friends
I brought this tablet for my granddaughter she played her brothers and I want her to have one
The only time I really have to read is late at night when I don't want to turn on the lights and wake everyone up. The back light and touch screen make this version of the kindle much better than the previous ones.
I use this tablet when I travel abroad. Great item
I wish they really would make a phone with this wait I believe they are. Huawei
I've owned Android TV and Apple TV in the past and the fire TV beats them both. Speedy interface that plays 4k well. Definitely recommend!
We purchased this for my 5 year old granddaughter so that she would have something to play games and read books without having to use her mom's devices. She took to it immediately. It connects easily to a 2.4 ghz network but does not support connectivity to a 5; search and downloads did appear a bit slow but did not do testing to see if it was the Fire or the network, then again, it was running updates. The camera takes great pictures even if a child is a bit shakey... Sound quality is very good as is touch sensitivity.
It is a nice little no frills tablet, but it could be better, for one it is only limited to amazons web browser, and I like chrome. It is no big deal because what I paid for it I did not expect it to be blazing fast or anything like that.
I already had the Amazon Firestick. The FireTV is faster and even better!
I really like it it works well . It's very easy to use .
Bought for a birthday gift. They loved it. We found ourselves playing with it for hours.... Alexa what is???
A great watch. I bought it for the heart rate feature and it is pretty accurate.
The screen is very clear and it's fairly light. IMO, the interface on the Nook is a little better, but the Kindle ecosystem is much better.
This is the perfect gift for Grandkids especially to get them interested in reading.
Much smaller and lighter weight than my old kindle. Menus are easy to navigate and screens are easy to see. Battery seems to last a long time too. Love it!!
Works well with voice commands i.e. Music, weather, my sports teams and shopping. I have purchased two of these and no more cd's with my music.
This is a great product. Light weight. I wish it has wifi to download from online.
Works great, easy to use. Battery holds charge good. Just the right size.
haven't opened yet since its a Xmas present for my 2 yr. Old I love that there is a kids zone area where she can learn numbers letters shapes and has nice thick bumpers to keep it from breaking as well has a warranty if it breaks
It needs the Internet to connect to your devices and play music. Sometimes you can be cut off. The rest of the time it is easy as can be.
Love the ease of use. Can listen to music and make shopping lists that go directly to my phone. Discovering new uses everyday.
The setup was super easy, the rugged case is awesome, and the selection of books, games, and movies v for the kids is fantastic! The two year no questions warranty makes it even better!
I enjoy this tablet. Since I am an Amazon customer it was fairly easy to set up once I entered my amazon ID.
I have 2 other tablets that I use. It doesn't work well as a tablet. I bought to use as a kindle. It works great as a cheaper kindle.
Amazon TV Box has the best bang for the buck. No other devices can match performance and price this offers. Great for gaming, movies, shows
Exceeded my expectations. Light & text adjustable. Able to buy books from device and to review from Goodreads. Downloads instantly. Lightweight and easy to hold. Fits in my purse perfectly for reading on the go!
It works great with our smart home and simplifies a lot of tasks for us.
Picture quality is so much nicer than my old reader.
You can tell it to do cool things and have it also turn of lights etc
Does the job it���s suppsed to. Get it and enjoy life in the fast lane
First time with a tablet, wanted one for years just to watch Netflix and basic games. Very happy, the screen looks great and the speaker is loud. So far, so good!
This Tablet Is Absolutely Fantastic. Very Responsive On The Screen!!! Great Tablet For Those Who Don't Want To Spend $200+ for an Ipad.
My 4 year old love to watch movies and this is perfect for him!
Greate good love it watch what every I won't sjdhfhdhhsjx
Easy to use, and worth the money. Lots of movies and other features
Device is very simple but well worth the money. Making it a great value.
I have a sounds system to hookup the dot to so i bought this one as a gift for my father. He loves it and learns new things to use it for everyday
Alexa is fun, a bit biased to amazon product. Example: when I scream at her to play a song she will play it from amazon music and not my Spotify unless I instruct her to. Which isn't terrible, but just a heads up. She is way quicker than your phone for finding answers to things, but the algorithm to get exactly what you're looking for is still being worked on. So don't expect her to always find the right answer. She's still a great product and fun.
Takes a while to get used to talking to an inanimate object. Lots of third party apps.
Great for kids inexpensive wouldn't mind buying again
I love it I am still trying to figure out all its skills but everyday is a surprise.
It has been useful for college looking up information I don't understand and for downloading books. It is also great for downloading apps such as Facebook, messageer, yahoo, google, Google maps, and the weather. It has also been great for downloading games.
I bought this item for grand daughter, she loves it
The white background makes it easier to read a book. The small size makes it easy to take on the go.
It is a quality product and has clear crisp sound. Best part it can be carried in any satchel. Sound is loud enough for a back yard gathering.
Bought this for my son & he absolutely loves it!!!
In general it is very good.I would like that the start button would be at the same place as the iPad one.I like that we have sample during 9hours free.
I'm learning how to use it as I am new to using a tablet..So far I'm able to do what I want to do on it. I know there is more to learn.
Very happy with this gift for my kids! Easy to use and it was a great deal!
Bought this on black friday for my neice and she loved it...super cheap but very good tablet
This is an ok tablet. We bought it thinking it would be good for travels with our little one, but it's not what we expected. Our little one is able to exit out of movies and apps. There is no way to lock the app when it is in use with little ones. This would be a good tablet for a teenager or adult who wants a tablet but doesn't want to spend a lot of money.
As always amazon delivers.. LOL On par with apple TV. Great product.
Bought this as part of the Black Friday sale. For $40, it serves well as a light use tablet (Skype, e-mail, video, etc.). The ads and heavy Amazon product front load push are annoying. Can't change or hide any preloaded features. Can't complain much for the price and the fact that I won't break a sweat if it falls out my car or gets misplaced.
Very good but does not take all aps unless it is related to Amazon. I could not get all the aps I wanted. Good tablet for reading.
Love it it works wonders great job greate product.will recommend to any friend
My daughter loves it and so does my son and wife too.
Absolutely love it. Its small and you can read outside with it. It's a great buy.
I have only had this Echo for a short time, but use it all the time! So fun!
This is a rip-off! I will use my apple USB plug instead, for free!
I bought this tablet mainly to use as an ereader. I now find myself checking emails and surfing the web too. Downloading an app is a simple process and there are lots to choose from. I use Overdrive and borrow books from my public library. I gave it a 4 because it seems a bit slow at times.
Great for reading books, news, email, TV, music...and games. A wonderful device that is light enough to carry anywhere. Especially good for travel. Easy to carry and get through airport security. Can use on the plane. An easy and inexpensive gateway to computer literacy for older folks.
This latest version of the kindle reader is great. Paper white is esp nice.
We bought this tablet for our son, is very light weight, fast and easy to use
I loved my Amazon Kindle Fire so much, I purchased one for every member of my family for Christmas. Great for all ages, 8 to 84.
My daughter plays on her tablet all the time. Well worth it.
I've used Roku and Chromecast and I assure you that the Fire TV beats them both by a country mile.
Great purchase. Good for entertainment. And it talks
Alexa is so much more than a gateway to Amazon services. We use the Echo for music, cooking timers, controlling the lights of our home. The best is when the kids add items to our Alexa shopping list. Makes it super easy to build a grocery list.Super easy to set up. Works great. You should have one in your home.
I wish that they could be use simultaneously to create surround sound in the home.
Easy to use and set up to get started. Set's up for both of my children
worth the price you pay for the product. thank you
I love everything about this item. I can watch whatever, whenever, particularly on Kodi. Good bye and good riddance to cable!
Has good sound but when it comes to answering commands it seems to be a little on the ignorant side
It's work very well for a child got for my 8 year old she love it
It's the second one I've bought. I highly recommend it to anyone.
I'm very happy with the Kindle Paperwhite (2015 model). I didn't like reading e-books on "typical" tablet screens, which are much better for movies and games. The screen on the Kindle Paperwhite, however, is built exclusively for reading, and in that regard, it really excels. Text is sharp and easy to read in any lighting condition, from darkness to bright sunlight. Additionally, the device is lightweight, easy to carry, and fairly durable.
When I purchased the Tap I thought it was a portable speaker for the echo. It's actually it's own device. Yes, it's portable, can operate wireless.It does work with the same "alexa" set up. The Echo operates with no hands…you can simply speak to Alexa. The tap has a microphone button you need to hold down to speak to Alexa. Great sound quality. Rechargeable base unit.
very good entry level table for the money. it works very well.
Alexa has come in handy by giving calculations while cooking, weather reports, and even settling arguments about trivia facts. Very nice!
I give to my husband as a gift and he is very happy!
Good and smooth speed. Long battery with quick charge
Had a roku and wanted to compare how the FIRE TV performed. Ya can't lose with either one. If you see one of these FIRE TV on the shelf, grab it as they don't stay on the shelf long.
It's neat to use. Something I never thought I'd have. At the price I couldn't pass it up.
very good tablet for little kids , need more memory which is you can buy sd card for it
This is by far the best thing I could have bought.
I use Alexa to update me on the weather, the news and keep a soundtrack going while I am cooking and cleaning. It's nice to have her there to to help me when I just can't use my phone.
needed this for a 5 year old to play games and watch movies, and it is a great fit for the $$$
We purchased this tablet for my 6 year old daughter to replace her RCA tablet that lasted a year. It is fabulous. I'm considering getting myself one for those long drives when your lap top is too big!
Awesome for cutting the cable. Get access to movies and tv shows
We really like this tablet. It has everything we need already installed with our purchase .
i like the tablet a lot its fast and easy to use and the price was right
I have enjoyed becoming familiar with all the services available on my kindle!
I bought this for my husband for a Christmas gift. He absolutely loves it.He reads lots of books and does some web surfing. I am very pleased with this purchase.
Traveled for work to an island for 6 weeks. Was great for plane rides there and back, as well as on the island with me always being on the move
This is just great I use it daily and am very happy, This is my fourth echo and all work flawlessly
Very good reader! Bought on sale, excellent value!
Pretty easy to figure out. Lots of different options. So many cool apps!
Bought this for my mom for Christmas. It is her first tablet. She loved it, and will have no problems learning to use it. Very straightforward and easy to pick up. Great storage, fantastic resolution and really good features.
Unlike the larger version, this does not need to be plugged in..making it portable....although you have to press the button for every request..it's great to take with you where ever you go..fully rechargable
Great buying experience. Bought online. Shipped and received sooner than expected. I wil Buy from Best Buy again!
I bought this for my 2-year old. She liked it for the first few days and then she went back to playing with my ipad. If I hadn't already introduce her to the ipad, I think she would have been fine with this.
We are very well satisfied with the fire. It is everything we thought it would be and more.
I am impressed with the quality and speed of this tablet. I was a little worried about not having access to the Google Play store, but this has not been a big issue so far. The speed, functionality, and battery life have exceeded my expectations.
Bought this tablet for my wife she really enjoys it
It's ok but not sure it's worth it chance of misorder
I bought this for my 7 yr old and she just loves it.
Picked this up during Black Friday and for the price is a great starter tablet for my kids
Easy to hook up and use. Great sound. I use this device in many ways every day!
Gave up on Apple TV and tried this sucker out. Has Sling TV and Plex among Amazon Prime so it's very good compares to other streamers out there.
I bought this Kindle for my husband's birthday. I have had a Kindle since 2013 and I used it mostly to read and check emails while travelling. My husband is not particularly a book reader, but he spends way too many hours alone, in his office, reading his face book messages. Now, with the new Kindle he actually multi-tasks, in the living room, on facebook, email, and internet, at least in proximity to me, so he might even join me in a conversation! I think his Kindle has much imporoved our 35 year marriage!
bought it as a gift for my mother and she loves it
I love my Kindle, I bring it everywhere with me. Great for the price.
Bought this as a replacement for the 7", faster and better display.... Best upgrade
Gave as a gift and the individual was excited. I would recommend this for anyone interested in having Wi-Fi.
We bought this as a gift for someone who travels often. She loves it and said the quality it as expected.
We are very happy with this Kindle. Easy to use, user friendly. We like everything about it, it's exactly what we wanted.
Bought this for my dad and he loves it! Light weight and easy to use.
Great beginner tablet for all ages. Easy to use by all ages.
As an owner of an iPad, I hesitated to consider the Amazon Fire Tablet as a supplemental device but my purchase of a network of Amazon Echo Dots and the Voice Cast capability with the Fire tablet was almost irresistable. So I bought one as a gift for my friend along with an Amazon Echo Dot to get her opinion of its value. My friend just raves about the Fire Tablet - especially the smaller, light-weight aspects of it. I know I would feel better toting around a small Fire tablet that costs only $40 instead of a $500 iPad so it looks like the next Fire tablet will be for me!
If you are an Amazon Prime member it's Great. Order through Alexa, ask her questions and shopping lists are awesome.
great for streaming music, getting weather or news flashes, and we always enjoy trying to answer the extra Jeopardy question from each category every night.
I bought it for reading books. And it works very well for that purpose.
Bought as a gift for young relative, she loves it. Easy set up with parental controls.
Bought this tablet to give to a teenager for Christmas. Expected them to use it for games, etc.
I love this. It is awesome. well worth the money spent
One of the best streaming services out there amazon fire tv is a great product.
Bought for my son for Christmas and so far he loves it good value for the price.
This is a great entry level tablet. It has full functionality and is well built. The only thing I don't like is the slow processing speed but it is more than worth the money
Upgraded from a standard Fire tablet. Better screen, a bit faster than standard Fire.
Bought it as an e-reader. Convenient and easy to use. Text is very readable. I am pleased.
Great tablet for those new to tablets or just goofing around on
Understand me very well, Use it to turn on liights, open the gargae , etc.
I had purchased the Fire stick before the box. It runs a lot smoother and lags far less than the stick.
This is a great tablet for kids. Keeps them busy with so much to do, watch, and create.
for the money, you will be well pleased, I think it is a big bargain !
I use this everyday for multiple purposes. Everyone should have one
We enjoy all the music we can get with just "Hey Alexa". Definitely worth the money.
I was truly happy with the product, however, I also purchased 4 $20.00 gift cards each Tablet. Since I was not 100% sure as to what brand to purchase one of your sell staff advised me that I should purchase 4 Google Play gift cards, which I did. To my surprise, on Christmas morning, my grand children were not able to use them because (as your staff should have known) they are not compatible! I took them to the store to exchange them and I learned that not only that Best Buy would not exchange/refund them but that you don't carry the Amazon cards. You have just last a good customer when it comes to purchasing some items that I can purchase online at amazon or another store. I purchased an hp PC and a 12" Apple IPad at another store just to make a point. I was and still are very disappointed with your sales staff, and your sells practices. I will recommend the tables to a friend but stay way from asking assistance when purchasing the right gift cards...
Its a value for money product ,serves the purpose and very well suite daily needs.
This little $60 tablet is really good for reading ebooks and watching netflix
Absolutely love the Amazon Echo!! Had one for our FL home & had to buy another for our NY home. Love the GREAT sound & the ease of playing music or listening to talk shows.
Great streaming device comes with alexa which is top of the line only regret is not getting the one with game controller alot of games require game controller or need it to make the game fun now im forced to buy it separately
Great tablet for the price. It is easy to navigate.
I have the Amazon Tap (which I purchased at Best Buy about a month ago) and love it so much I bought one for my son and his family. They love it, too!
I only but it for the price. I won't be trading it for my i pad
It does almost all the things the more expensive Kindles do for a lot less $. Screen resolution is decent and it is a nice e reader.
I find the Kindle Paperwhite to be much easier on the eyes then reading from a tablet. Page turning is a bit slower than on the tablet but the headaches are less.
I bought this while vacationing in San Diego to be shipped home for me to give as wedding gifts. The store associate at the Best But Mobile Mission Valley was particularly helpful and informative. He saved me from carrying them on flight and had them shipped to my work The new couple loved these tech gifts and emailed me about "Alexa" as soon as they opened it.
Love using this for music. Will sometimes have to repeat the command 2 or 3 times before Alexa will understand and then do e command that was given
This was a replacement for a previous Fire. My wife loves it and the Fire does what she needs
Love it. Best charger I ever bought. Quickly charges my Kindle and my cell phone.
Very pleased with the fire tv. Works faster than the fire stick. More bang for the dollar.
Bought for our son as a first tablet. He loves it and connects easily to our home wireless.
Perfect for our needs and an on the go mini computer and ereader.
Great beginners tablet. Love kodi on it...........
This was purchased to start the journey of ridding myself of ridiculous cable bills.
I'm not one for reviewing usually but my oh my do i love this thing. It is lightweight and amazing!! I LOVE HOW CRISP IT IS AND HOW BRIGHT IT IS.
We started out great. We had a great thing going. I loved her, she was easy on the eyes, and looked great in any light. Then 7 months into it, I could no longer turn her on. I tried the reboot with no luck. She is still under warranty but that doesn't matter because Best Buy's return policy stinks. If I do try to replace her, I will not buy it here.
The Amazon Echo was easy to setup straight out of the box, and my family began using it immediately. We are learning new things it can do every week. The sound quality is amazing, and this has become the primary music source for my house. When purchasing, I would have preferred a black Echo, but white is all this Best Buy had at the time (before Xmas), but white looks very clean on our kitchen counter where it sits. There are some words Alexa is still struggling with understanding, but we do have a bit of a Texas drawl, so I think we're getting used to each other.
My cousin are really happy..nice working, good looking
This is the second kindle fire I have bought. The first one is almost 2 years old and works perfect to date. My 4 year old daughter plays with it and has dropped it several time without damaging it and it had no case on it. For the price this is the best affordable tablet. Especially for children. Great Buy.
I purchased this tablet for my daughter and within 5 days after purchasing it, the screen went completely blank. It wasn't dropped and didn't get wet. It is also very limited to apps you can download on it. Many apps wouldn't work after being installed. I would NOT recommend buying this tablet.
My son loves this tablet. Great tablet for kids to learn and play on.
Not much else to say, except this device replaced my aging Apple TV, I thought I'd give it a shot as Prime is not available (yet) on apple TV. However, this device's sharp picture, reliability and nearly endless number of apps is absolutely outstanding!!
My daughter loves this tablet! She plays multiple games and has taken video. Easy to use and the color is very vivid!
When I checked it online it said it had 6 months of free subscription of the antivirus but there is nothing with my purchase, I did read it said they will email me the download information but nothing in that part very disappointed. I will only recommended to a friend if they have antivirus subscription at home.
bought for husband and he was surprised it does the work he needs it for
These boxes are great, reliable and you can download what ever you want or need for your viewing pleasure.
Great value, does everything you want it to do. I would recommend to those who want a simple tablet experience.
Replaced Uverse with Amazon Fire TV PlayStation Vue, good streaming, easy to use, compact footprint.
Works great! Use it daily for music. Like the sleek design.
I cut off my cable and went for the streaming box finally .. have been happy with my purchase. no regrets
No need for a smart TV. Just pick you up one of these and you are set. I purchased a 4K TV which had limited apps but was 600 less than the one which supported the additional app I wanted (PLEX) so I opted for the TV I got with this FireTV and I was set.
This is a great device and my whole family loves it!
Good for basic things or as an e-reader. My kids love theirs.
The Tablet works great for the price it cannot be beat. For those concerned about the limiting of apps to Amazon Marketplace there is a downloadable hack that will install Google Apps. Just look it up on Youtube and you are all set.
love my fire. its much better looking at this screen instead of my phone. and my other computer is big. this is just right to things I need to do like watching videos or tv in quiet place.
Nice and easy to carry with you. The battery's life is very good and you do not need to recharge for the next 7 days
Love the look,feel and the light that this device has.
The wife loves this and uses it all the time! She would definitely recommend this for any amazon user!
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
The fire is great. The size is really nice. Not to big. The clarity is really good.
I'm a longtime Kindle user and jumped at the opportunity to bring my granddaughter into the fold with this gift. She loved it!
I've used a Kindle fire for years and love it but wanted something more light weight to use specifically for reading books. The Paperwhite is very light weight and it's easy to use. The touch screen is not always as responsive as I'd like it to be when on the home screen or managing your library, but once you've opened a book, it's easy on the eyes and page turning is very responsive. I'm glad I have this option for reading as it's much better than reading on the Fire. If you want a full tablet, get a Fire but it you just want to read, the Paperwhite is great.
This product does more than I thought. Outstanding.
The kindle is good to download apps for books catch up with reading
I love the size of this, it's the size of a book! The only thing I don't like is the lock screen has ads.
bought as a gift she loves it great with amazon prime
The fire tv has both amazon and Netflix streaming services so it benefit everyone even when you have one one of the service.
I am an avid reader, and have purchased both the first and second generations of the Kindle Paperwhite products. Upon reading about the Voyage, I knew I had to have one. Although it's a bit pricey for an e-reader, it's definitely worth it for me. As much as I read, I believe the new screen will result in less eye strain. It's a beauty to look at. Especially when held next to the Paperwhite 2nd gen and compared.
I ordered these for all of my grandkids. Easy to use. Just turned them on and ready to go.
Very happy with purchase. Would refer to others to buy.
Ran out to buy a tablet quickly and was pleasantly surprised by this one! Great price easy purchase!
Love the backlight, great feature. Very light weight almost too much so.
Gave to my brother as a gift, and he takes it everywhere with hin
Just decent tablet... working fast, but it needs more language support and apps as well...
This is a great tablet for kids. It has a separate screen for kids that has all their content so you know they are not doing anything they are not supposed to do. There are a lot of parental controls and time settings for restricting how long they are able to watch videos, play games, or read.
Smooth UI... much quicker & less laggy than the Fire TV Stick. Streams 4k as well so can't go wrong.
Smaller version but works great just like the bigger product.
I love my new tablet! So easy to navigate and set up. Have used a little so far, and have no issues with any of the apps/ installed programs. Lots of things to do.
Works GREAT! Better then cable! I would recommend to everyone!
I got this tablet on sale for my wife and she loves it
I love the Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet. The screen view/ quality is great! I was worried about the durability at first being that I want to carry it around with me while traveling however I have not had any problems. I plan on using this tablet to supplement my laptop and will definitely recommend it to others.
Kids love it and the drop-in feature is great. Easy to set up.
Having to press to talk steals the real thunder of what the amazon echo can do.
I bought this to use with a particular app but wasn't able to install them so I returned the tablets.
Great purchase. Really worth it if you have Netflix, Hulu and stream other things to phase out cable. Easy to use.
Well for a tablet of this price so compact and complete is not much to ask for than just your self to use it to the maximum capacity.I love this Kindell Best product ever.
My wife needed a new Kindle....her previous one just "died".....she loves the new size, features, and screen....much improved compared to her original Kindle....I highly recommend if you are in the market for an e-reader.
Affordable price the tablet was a nice Christmas gift
Love it! It's an awesome item and my mom loves it! She wanted this and is not computer savvy so she is more familiar with it since my daughter had one
It is better than we expected and couldn't be happier.
Great reader for the price. Compact, lightweight, print and back ground lighting can be adjusted for easier reading. Some people may find this helpful if they have vision problems
I bought 1 a year ago for our oldest kid. Came back this year and bought two more. Built really well. This is the best choice for a kids tablet.
I previously only had the dot until I got this one. This is so much better for listening to music, the weather report .. everything.
I bought this for my 25 year old son for Christmas. He loves it!
I got it because a frend that really lime it. I had apple tv and still think is better than this
I bought this for my mother to use she 75 and loving it
Best Tablet under $50. It works great with a perfect size to hold in hand. Great deal.
This tablet was purchased as a gift. I've had 2 other Kindle tablets and they've always been great. Can't beat the price.
Enjoying the product and feel the ease of use is good.
I purchased one for myself and my mom to use for the word games & books to help enhanse her mind.
This is a great item to have if you don't watch live tv. It has plenty of pre installed apps and downloads to keep anyone busy.
great speaker and very useful around the house. take advantage
The kindle is great for reading at night and is very comfortable.
I love just asking Alexa to play something. No more turning on the radio and looking for a station to play.
Opened it to test it out, we decided to keep it. Awesome !
Nice product . Love the fact that my 5 years sons are gaining computer experiance.
I got this tablet to replace my sons old one, I love the adult/child profile and the ability to have the 2 year replacement warranty. The case has also came in handy many times.
My mom had an old one, she was so excited to get this one.
Bought for my wife for X-mas and she loves it. Hasn't put it down
Great product. Perfect size and weight, doesnt take up much space.User friendly.
Great tablet - lag free when running apps... Good battery life. Only downside is lack of ability to screen mirror. Was available on older versions but no longer
I didn't take the time to read the reviews on this as I actually went to the store to buy a Fire stick. The salesman talked me into the Fire tv instead supposedly because of higher picture quality. I haven't noticed any differences. For an average user, maybe the stick is just fine and you save money.
My grandson is very happy with his Kindle. The case protects it very well.
I upgraded from the 1st gen Fire TV to get 4k. Happy I did, 4k looks fantastic through Netflix/Amazon.
300 dpi screen is impressive. The only drawback is the front-lit is not even.
Husband loves his Alexa!!! Best gift ever. Perfect
Worked fine for a month, then refused to take a charge. Returned to best buy, and advised that amazon like to handle their own warranty issues. Stuck with a store credit card. I suppose it will get used, but not impressed with the product at all
great results with this product. it is easy to use and exactly what I expected it to be.
We love this. Very helpful and entertaining. Useful for automation is an awesome feature. Alexa is great for the young and old. Play your music, get weather, news update among many other options including games.
Love everything about the echo. Best AI speaker for its price
Simple to operate for a 3 yr old . Would recommend
So glad I bought the Kindle Paperwhite. I like that it has a built in light, and I can manually adjust it to my liking.
Love my paper white. Have an old Kindle and a Kindle Fire and now the Paper White.
Great control of smart home devices. Pandora sounds great. Love the continuing improvements each week.
Fire tv excellent for streaming tv channels. Cut the cord for cable.
Easy to use for books and audio. Will use on vacation.
Great tablet for my 8year old son. Reliable and durable for this age group!
Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed
Great tablet for younger kids. Bought 3 of these as Christmas presents and the kids love them. They can play games , download learning apps, and watch shows on them.
added more memory downloaded movie and shows to the fire and went on vacation it was perfect, also found out you can download amazon prime movies to watch offline, That is awesome for travel
great, always a great time vising the store of my choice
I purchased a Samsung S7 and S7 Edge and they are even better than the previous phones I have owned.
great tablet for the size. will be giving this to the kids from santa this year.
My daughter loves her tablet it works really good.
This purchase by far has been one of the best made by me this year. Set up was easy, and the content was plentiful. Well worth the price.
This product is real bad from amazon. Although i dont expect much from a cheap tablet however this was even below my expectations. Its way slow to respond to anything or everything. My 3 year old goes after my ipad when i give him this....wont recommend to anyone.
Easy to use...just what I needed,.... .............
for those of us that truly just want to read literature and do not necessarily need to browse the web this is a must have.
This product has exceeded my expectations, great quality and design. The prize is unbelievable for a tablet of its kind.
She is fun and intelligent. I definitely see her replacing google as a search engine.
Perfect for teens as well as adults who loves to read and watch movies
I use this item every day to get subway conditions, news, music, alarms and calendar schedule for the day. I would highly recommend!
Love my Kindle! I take it with me everywhere! I would recommend this to all my friends and family!
Good tablet for games,adds and imails. Also good size
Great product for the sale price Best Buy was offering. I am using it not only for music but also doctors appointments, birthdays weather and more.
I purchase a tablet at best buy and the price was and it was it I love my tablet thank you so best buys
The kindle fire has exceeded my expectations, especially given the $50 price tag. Easy to use for someone like me, who is not tech-savvy. Lots of awesome free apps, and I am finding new ways to play with it every day. Would definitely recommend this device to others.
I had a kindle once before, and decided to try the fire. It was at a great price, and I love it.
I used to have the first generation of Fire TV. Love it. This is the 2nd generation and 4 k ready. Even better
Bought one of these to get something to try out Kodi, as a streaming media device it works really well. I love the fact you can have your Netflix and other apps right at hand, I can still run plex and Kodi installs In a matter of minutes. Nice to have a single device to run all my needs and totally replaced the need for cable. The sticks work well but the extra grunt of this is worth the additional spend.
This was just the right size for travel and there is no glare. I especially like the dictionary feature.
Bought this so I can have 4k from Playstation Vue to my new Samsung 4k tv
We have been quite impressed with Alexa! We use her often, and my loves having her to entertain the kids. I do wish it were a bit easier to connect her to some of my devices (it was hard to connect her to two separate GE Air Conditioners, things just have to be set up in a very specific way, which wasn't always user friendly). But over all, we have been happy with this purchase!
This is amazing tablet with almost all must have features
Amazon Fire TV is the best box for watching whatever is available. Easy to set up and up to 4k viewing is available.
This tablet is great - the size is just right for carrying it in your purse or backpack. The clarity of the screen is very good. You can play games, access email, search the web, etc. Would recommend to a new purchaser.
Love this! Great for reading my ebooks, playing games and social media. At this low price you cant go wrong!
This is great. So many things come with a plug that is to go into your laptop. I got this so I can plug it into the wall. I had Kindle chargers for my kindle, but I'm getting more and more things that have to be charged through your laptop. Not me...I use this plug.
It's cool but it's kind of slow. I don't feel it's worth $119. Maybe like 70
It's very convenient for readers and online use! It works quickly and is great
Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality
Great sound. Awesome product. Loved it from the moment it came out.
My first tablet. OUTSTANDING for NETFLIX, email, etc.
Love this Kindle. There are to many apps and games offered for download. Love the book selection Easy to navigate The charger seems a bit loose, though
So happy I ordered this at the same time as my kindle!
My first experience with a streaming device it has been very easy to learn how to use
I always liked reading books in physical form, but it just got to hard to carry around. Plus, my bookshelf was too full. This solves both problems!
Bought this as a Christmas gift for our daughter. Has easy app uploading and web browsing. Kid friendly.
I love how kid friendly this tablet is. I also love the parental controls. I am able to supervise everything he's doing and he is still able to play the games and watch the videos he loves. It's even easy enough for his 3 year old sister to use. Great product! Glad I purchased this and saved money instead of getting an Ipad or Samsung. Much better choice.
The screen is great and doesn't strain your eyes at all, and page transitions are smooth. Easy to buy books from amazon (either on the device or a computer) and get them on the kindle instantly.
Works great wife uses it everyday she downloads books from amazon
Mi kids love to do there homework with Alexa and leasing to music
Intuitive user interface, rapid online access through well designed features, light weight, ergonomic buttons for volume and power. Overall a thoroughly well designed, excellent priced device for web browsing and social media.
I bought the white and black version as well as the dot and all products are great. They work in each room with wonderful sound and get smarter everyday with new skills.
This product is exceptional. It understands voice commands 99% of the time. It also improves over time with use.
It's great! The price is right. You can load lots of books and cloud is unlimited to keep your books
I love the kindle and I can read at night without hurting my eyes
This is great product. The tablet are made tough and great price.
It is just amazing what Alexa can do. What great entertainment for people of all ages!
These were great gifts for the grandkids!! They were easy for them to use and now they are almost as good as the adults on them!
The fire stick has more than enough to offer in entertainment, something for every one's taste. The programming is not disappointing. The equipment is inexpensive and you.have control of any other expenses like subscriptions. Your bill will be far less than a cable bill and you will have more enjoyment from the programs. The only thing that needs to be done is having local channels available,. without an antenna which may or may not help reception.. I also miss OWN.
Picked this up a month ago and have been very happy with the purchase. Just installed smart light bulbs. Works perfectly!
The price of this tablet is excellent and the specifications aré very well
bought this for the Grandkids they tell me it is great
The resolution is great and the battery life is amazing.
This is a gift for friend, and she loves that! She told me this device helped her with concentration when read.
It is very user friendly device. MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT.
Worth the purchase, simple to use and easy to set up
The Amazon Echo has been extremely helpful with putting together ad hoc grocery lists or lists for "to do's" around the house. Admittedly, I am in the process of learning all the bells and whistles, but it has already been super helpful! Great product, would recommend for anyone.
This is an amazing product for reading books and watching movies.
This is my third Kindle. At the $49. price this is an incredible tablet. I highly recommend this product.
This was a Christmas Present for my niece. It was perfect. Immediately became her favorite and gave her parents devices a break. Would definitely recommend.
easy on the eyes and perfect for travel. battery life is a +
Great for reading books, but I having to manually update the apps is a pain.
One of the fastest tablets I ever had. Netflix and Hulu works awesomely!
I love Alexa! This product is very versatile. It fills the room with sound.
It`s better with a bundle of a memory cardThe operating systen doesn`t have google play by default
Excellent tablet.....withstands a special needs Grandson.
Love using Alexa for music and syncing her with Hue to run the lights, but don't like how specific you must be with the way you ask her. Sometimes just can't get the answer cause she wants to be asked in a different way.
This speaker sound great. I was surprised at how loud it gets. The sound is clear and you also have Alexa so that's a win.
Not enough free programs. Even with a subscription to Netflix, etc. you still have to pay for most movies, shows.
Cheap reliable tablet easy to figure out. perfect for child or older person to understand.
Good fun activity if you enable certain skills , kids enjoy it . Good sound quality
A great product my family loves Alexa. She is like a new addition to the family. On the spot info when you need it.
this device has been a wonderful addition to our home the sound quality on this device is amazing
My wife purchashed this. It will be perfect for traveling...read books...check e mail ..... surf the web.
I love this I installed all my videos. Easy to use once you get the hang of it.
works smoothly when typing search info to google things. constructed well. The casing is solid and well made. Operation of this tablet is great.
I purchased this Amazon Kindle Fire for my mother. She is new to technology and loves this tablet.
bought this as a gift so i can't speak on how it functions. however, i researched all kinds of tablets online before purchasing this and it was a great deal
Bought this item for my nephew. Loves it. Recommend buying the rubber case also
Good price for use. Perfect size for kids. Battery last a long time.
Echo is a great device to have if you need an answer to a question or need the weather report, etc. One of the best uses I have found so far is the creation of a shopping list. As you think of items for a shopping list, just tell Alexa and she will add it to your list which you can recall later just before going to store. It is fun to ask Alexa trivia questions or use her for other fun tidbits of information.
Great price and product. i bought 2 for my nieces. This is very practical and does the same as the more expensive one's.
This has been one of the best tech gadgets I have ever purchased. It takes some patience in learning what to say. Easy though.
I am still learning what it will do so far very pleased when I ask it something it answers, I played Christmas music all day long and was pleased
the fire tablet is a nice size and is easy to use it is better then the 7in fire
I bought this for my wife and I to listen to music. With out Amazon Rime account, we are able to listen to most of the songs we request. The skills Alexa can do are also fun for our kids like 20 questions, odd facts, magic 8 ball, and kid jokes. My kids do ask Alexa a lot of general questions which she is not able answer as it does not have a robust search engine behind it like Google. However, since I bought it for music more than searching the Web for answers (as I do have a computer and phone do that) I am happy with it. If you want to use it as a search engine more than for music and the other skills Alexa can do I'd probably go with the other one.
So simple to set up a caveman could do it and still have time to get some reading in!
the fire tv box is very very fast and has all the TV streaming apps you need to "cut the cord". Other streamers like apple tv or roku are not as fast or have all the apps i like. Just avoid the fire tv stick...too slow.
Thank..............................................
I have this tablet and liked it so much I purchased another as a gift. It was easy to set up and use. She loved it.
We bought this to replace a Kindle Fire pad and they have come a long way in this build, I would recommend this or if you like a bigger one then get then10" version.
We bought this for my Mother in Law for Mother's Day. She's not very tech but she's had no problem using.
i had a black one, however, the white color is so attractive. when i got it, it is so beautiful
Very easy to use and fast. Menu is set up in a user friendly way.
It works great. Not affected by the singular WiFi band at all.Battery life is amazing.Just be sure you can get the apps you'd like from the appstore, google play isn't accessible. So if you're looking for Snapchat, Instagram, NBC, Comcast, Vudu, you won't get those here.Returning it. Which is too bad, I really enjoyed it. More bang for the buck if you could access those apps. But like I said, it was my fault for not checking first. I was expecting the 'apps from unknown sources' to kick in but it so didn't.
Tmtis is the second tablet I purchased for my kids. Its perfect for all the things my kids do.
This is a great item. I connected it with no problem. The streaming features are awesome.
Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - White works great my wife has had the this item for a year and is still going strong. Great way to read books.
Got this for my 15 year old who swore she wouldn't use any tablet. To her suprise not mine she loves it. She can listen to music, watch videos, and play games any where in the house. I got this on Black Friday for $35 so it was practically free but even at the full price of $50 it is well below the average price of all knock off tablets.
There's some fields I've notice that could use a power boost. I've been using it for about a month now and it gets slow at some points but for $40 I shouldn't complain
Essentially it works well for its intended purpose
Great tablet for a great price. Timely & free shipping
So easy to use and like the hands free feature. Good clear sound from the speakers.
Charge the device and was able to set up everything and when I came back to use it it would not work
SO FAR I LOVE HER! just wish that i had better wifi rather than broadband at home...
I had an old kindle, and its battery was beginning to fail. The Kindle Fire 7 replaces it, with much more functionality. It does, however, require charging more often.
The item that I needed was very good in value and easy to find in the store The cost was reasonable and exactly what I was looking for, which was what I needed for the new printer that I also purchased at Best Buy. thank you
I bought this for a friends 12 year old..he loves it! much like a regular tablet but added all the bonus features of having an amazon product! and it came with6 months of geek squad..couldnt have got any better.
This tablet is a good size for 4-8 years olds for their first one. After I bought and downloaded a few aps I realized that I should have gotten the tablet with more memory. Otherwise a good product. The table cover is a must to protect tablet
Nice product..Was difficult to figure out how to download books onto device. Could use better instructions. Once I figured it out it works really well.
Bought 2 and gave one as a birthday gift. Wow...reaction was fabulous..like...best gift almost ever. I love this new toy.
Worked well just was misinformed of the ability to download Google Play... Was told it was easy to.
Did not work is good as I thought it would switch to Google home much better product
We have several kindles and this is the latest version. Its packed with Amazon marketing stuff which is fine if you use them but most just take up space for us. This new version comes with 16gb but allows you to expand the memory with an sd card which is great. One problem if you have a few other kindles is that they are linked to your account so if they are for different family members/kids they may end up with the same stuff on them. My kids mainly use them for game apps and YouTube videos which am seem to work great. The sound is good and the hd video is nice. Overall happy with it and the price was good for this type of tablet.
I really liked this tablet. Got it for my nephew who just turned 4. Has many built in kid rated apps which keeps him entertained. The bumper is a bonus in case he drops it too. What I also like is that it had another mode to switch to in case an adult wanted to use it too.
this should have been with the reader ,
very overpriced!
I bought an Amazon Fire tablet for my sister some years back (she didn't want anything more in her life that was techie but she did love the large tablet) and she uses it a lot. I got the Amazon Echo for her for Christmas and it is a great complement to the Fire tablet. With very minimal training (5 minutes) she can call up music channels from Pandora, play her own music, ask about the weather and lots of other stuff that she may not do but could do. It is very helpful to use the apps on the Fire tablet to set the Pandora channels, and otherwise tweak the Echo.
purchased the fire tv and love it, saves me tons of $$ on my cable bill
I bought this so my great granddaughters could do their ST Math at home. So far this is all they have used it for. Not being schooled in how to set up it was difficult for me. At times it does freeze and have to turn it off to get it to restart. All in all it is working for what I bought it for.
has good download speed. great color and clarity. sound also very good
I have not had such a reliable speaker before. It is so easy to charge, and so easy to start playing songs right away. With Alexa, you can access information quicker than pulling out your phone, unlocking it, and pulling up Google.com. Love it.
Best option out there for a plug and play device. The system is easy to use, set up, and is fast. I highly recommend the firetv over the fires tick, due to the power (much clearer feed and faster response). I previously had a roku which I gave away after getting this device.
Easy to work and downloads fast. Very good quality.
Great tablet, so affordable and an awesome service!
It has alex built in so you don't even need a amazon eco
Easy to use. Easy to download books. Easy access to the web.
I have purchased numerous kindles and Fire tablets for family and friends. They've all loved them. When they went on sale at Christmas, I decided it was time to get myself one, after, of course, buying three for unsuspecting niece and nephews. I have an older iPad that I love and use but it is limited due to upgraded technology. This Fire tablet is perfect to do all the things I could not do elsewhere. If you are an Amazon Prime member, you owe it to yourself to get one of these things.
Considering what you pay this is a great product. I didn't expect this to be as good as it is.
After using the Fire Stick for a few months and loving it I decided to give it to my sister and upgrade to the Fire TV for myself. Worth every penny! The Fire TV offers everything the Fire Stick offers but it's so much faster and has more than enough storage anyone would need. The microphone works great. The menu layout is improved and far better than the menu layout on the stick. I have the 4th generation Apple TV and I barely use it Bc the new remote is terrible. The sensitivity pad on the remote is all over the place. The home menu is boring. The only advantage the Apple TV has over the Fire TV is the seamless integration with other Apple devices such as iPhone and my MacBook. Other than that, the Fire TV is far better and I would recommend it over the Apple TV any day.
This thing is amazing. The voice recognition is awesome and it does an excellent job picking up my voice even when playing music. Its integration into my smart home was flawless and adds a whole new level to my home.
A device that gets used to how you speak and follows your commands. The thing has a bit of personality and becomes fun to use.
If You don't have a smart TV with built-in apps this has everything you need one package!
I purchased this item for my son as a Christmas gift. His eyes lit up as he unwrapped it on Christmas morning. Later in the day, his older cousin had to call me and verify if he had truely received this item as a Christmas gift... I also plan on taking Best Buy up on their e - mailed offer that I received, which states that I can receive free start up service to get me started with my tech purchase.
After opening several gifts on Christmas, my 8 year old grandson kept going back to this gift and playing with it. He was very pleased. He loves his Kindle Fire and plays games and does his homework with it too!
This is perfect for reading in sunlight at the beach
Bought it to see if there was any difference between it and the fire stick there wasn't. Will probably place it in the guest bedroom since I really don't have a need for it
I really like the Fire 8 tablet but there are some issues to be aware of. Amazon seems to subsidize the low cost of the item by requiring you to be solicited by ads and and use their apps. Every time you activate it, the screen display is a full size ad that goes away when you swipe the screen. There is no Google Play so you can only download apps chosen by Amazon at their Appstore. Otherwise, pretty cool for the money.
Easiest money ever spent with instant gratification and still portable if necessary.
I had previously owned one of the original Kindles, with paging buttons. It finally gave out, so I replaced it with this model. I like the ability to back-light if you want it, but it still reads beautifully in natural light just as a book. I recommend upgrading and removing ads as quick as you can.
I bought the tablet for my children and they loved it.
So with that said, I cannot complain. I purchased this so I could have something inexpensive, small and could throw in my purse or pocket to read school books on the go. I own an iPad Air 2. I paid $450 for that, so it's not fair to compare the two.Of course Amazon doesn't have the apps that Apple has. If you're looking for something to read books on, but to be able to hop online from time to time on a screen bigger than a smartphone, this is it.The screen resolution isn't top of the line, the audio isn't great, but you can watch Amazon video, youtube and other streaming services on this table.If you know the capabilities of this tablet, then you won't have your expectations set too high. With that said, comparing this to any other $49 tablet, this wins. With the low-end cost of this, if I had the finances, I'd find an under privileged school district and buy these for them. The features of setting these up for educational time for kids is great. If you haven't already exposed your kid to iPads, I'd recommend one of these.I think the Fire would also be good for someone who isn't a techy. I don't even consider the camera on this. They could have left that off of the device, but I suppose if you purchase one of these for grandma, she can use it to skype the grandkids. I just see a lot of possibility for this because of the features and cost.
I bought these as Christmas presents for my grandparents and they love them!
Good screen resolution, very handy, easy to operate, compact; great reading device
Very simple to set up and works great right out of the box. Automatically creates to do lists and shopping lists which you can access through the app. This has become my favorite feature and I didn't even know about it when I bought the unit!
Inexpensive, but well built. Easy navigation. Streams movies well. Sound is decent, but requires headphones generally. Screen is good size and clear. Finding a case for this model is a challenge - I found on-line, but expensive considering tablet price. Universal cases don't work due to button placement.
An excellent product, easy on the eyes when reading. Lots of apps and access to a wide variety of books, catalogs, magazines and news outlets. I would highly recommend it.
Wish it would have more access to more info and after paying so much for device, we got more services for free. Seems very expensive to purchase device and have to pay per month to get music, books and etc.
Its Really amazing device, i really like it. its working flow less.
perfect for kids. reading, internet, Netflix, and games
Easy to play and very helpful to learning for children's
it very easy to work and does very good good games my child loves it he not but 4 and finds his way around on it
If you plan to watch live TV. Get this one.If not fire stick is good.Also get this if you plan to install other apps as it has upgradeable memory
Bought this tablet this Thanksgiving for $35.Tablet is too slow and apps doesn't responds properly, tried doing the updates over wifi to see if that resolves the issue but that didn't work too.Commons apps like Gmail, Facebook, Messenger or browser related are dying very frequently and sometimes doesn't even boots up, also, coming from Android you will feel that you have landed up in a deserted apps land.A good tablet for kids but adults can't rely on it !
it is nice works fast and good easy to use and looks good too!!!
I purchased two of these on Black Friday. What a great purchase. These are very inexpensive and have the ability to do so many things for the kids. I later bought tough cases to keep any damage minimal.
A must-have if you have any Kindle or Fire products! This definitely charges things much faster, and is great to have in several locations for convenience, especially if people tend to borrow your chargers.
Best device for Kodi. Works perfetly no issues at all
There are some things that she can't do yet, but she blows Google out of the water... possibilities are endless!! So glad I decided to switch to Alexa....
I wish I could just say it is one of my best investment, I love the fact that now I don't have to drag around several of my favorite books I can now have them all in one convenient place the battery life is great my little girl loves that she can play games on it I think it's great I should have gotten more memory though
Love having the Echo for listening to music and using it to turn my lights on and off by voice with Phillips Hue lighting system.
Loved the Fire HD7 but the latest HD8 is sharper, faster and still handles great.
El libro electrnico es muy prctico, puedes tener todos los libros ah.
Had to spend 2 hours on line to make it work on line.
Great product! I have since order 2 Dots. Lots of fun and also informative.
I purchased my first Kindle in 2011 and was using it up until it was stolen in May. I recently purchased a new Kindle and I like it for reading on my porch.
I had intended on replacing my dying 7" tablet with a larger size, but I hesitated due to the added bulk when traveling. I'm glad I waited and grabbed this one for only $34.99. I'm very happy with the clarity of the display and the few free items I've downloaded from Amazon. Earphones are a necessity for music videos/movies of course. The only thing I don't care for is the charger plug which inserts into the tablet. Time will tell if this is a weak point.
This is a great tablet for anyone easy to use!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My life with Alexa has improved so much. I could ask Alexa questions that I may have and she responds quickly....I even listen to music and I just wonder what life was before ALEXA!!!!
keeps me busy great tablet I am always home bored now I am stuck on Netflix and play my games do my homework log into to work
good for reading for a long hours since battery last over 6 hours. I will recommend it to my relatives and friendas
Bought this to compare to my Fire TV Stick. No comparison! No buffering, quick responses my button presses, and I wouldn't trade it for nothing!
Having some problems with our Echo. Does not hold the internet connection. Other devices on the wifi are fine.
This product is easy to set up and navigate. Great for catching up on missed tv shows.
The amount of features on this tablet for the price makes it an easy pick for young readers.
This kindle is a great buy, pretty simple to use, very convenient.
First and foremost the Echo is a good Bluetooth/connected speaker. It's no Sonos but I wasn't expecting it to be. It's really cool to ask her questions like you would a real person and get some good results. "When is the cubs game/how are they doing" and "What are show times for Star Trek: Beyond" yielded great results. To be honest though that novelty while very good and consistent wears off a little. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who hasn't invested in smart home tech because that is where the Echo shines. I currently have an Ecobee3, Phillips Hue, Sonos, August lock, and Harmony Hub. Right now the Echo works with Hue, Sonos, and Ecobee3 with the Harmony Hub being tested currently. There is no way to make the August work but there are ways to make other things work using apps like IFTT and Yonomi. I suggest anyone who wants one of these google those two apps to see some of the amazing things you can do with this awesome little device. I can turn on and off my lights, turn on and off my different activities with Harmony, play music, lower or raise the temperature and get basic info off the web. It's really cool and we are closer to Star Trek than ever. It is worth the money if you want to talk to your house. I love it. There are some failings. It doesn't understand some complex wordy questions while others it has no problem with. The list of compatible devices are limited but with those two apps I spoke of, IFTT and Yonomi that list is greatly increased, and the "skills' you can get aren't good at all. Limited and poor. But the potential is there and it looks like Amazon is working on it.
I purchased this item as a travel companion. I use it for entertainment such as games, books and movies. It also comes in very handy when I need e-mailing, paying bills, etc. when away from home.
Simple to use and great for beginners! I'm buying one for my son too.
Good tablet for the price. Has all features needed. Typing was difficult, but using a stylus fixed those issues. Has enough technology built into it that it won't be obsolete in a few months like some of the off brand stuff.
This is a great tablet ! I got it on sale around Thanksgiving and it was worth it.
I love my PCs and they are in constant use, but my new addition to the family, the Amazon Fire tablet, now provides me the convenience and portability that I'd been previously missing. Every time I pick it up and turn it on I experience something new to explore and use. A real winner!
I LOVE THIS ECHO AND ITS HANDS FREE. LOUD SPEAKERS
Bought this to use in the kitchen for just recipes and pinterest but have wound up using it for a regular tablet! Fast loading and easy to use. Since I already have an Amazon account I now have free Alexa and so many other benefits
Fast shipping from bestbuy.Com. product works great. For the price you can't go wrong.
For the money you cannot beat this tablet. Full of features, picture quality is great, and very fast speed while using the internet.
I like that it has parental control and a curfew on it, what I don't like is the charger it seemed to have a short in it or doesn't charge fast it's a slow charge but she loves it and it does way more then I expected. She is able to download books she can't use the internet because of the child mode it's a great tablet for children and adults
Nice display, convenient size, lots of apps and books.
Great gift for Mother's day for aging parent. Not too difficult to navigate.
i always buy from best buy. they have excellent products.The workers are very knowledgeable of what they sell.Thanks
I love my new Amazon Fire! I was very easy to use..
I picked up this tablet thinking it would be a great buy. I have a few family members that own the previous model of the kindle fire and highly approve of them. The new product I got was very disappointing, The display had a dead pixel on it when I turned it on. The product is very slow and the cameras leave a lot to be desired. I took it back and exchanged for an IPad Mini 4 and am very happy with it.
Purchased to replace an older model that died during a software update (lost wifi connection during the download, bricking the kindle). This model has 300dpi, up from 220 on the previous model. With text it is barely, if at all, noticeable. With any kind of graphics or cover images, the increase in resolution is nicer. Unfortunately the lighting remains uneven at the bottom of the screen as it was in the previous generation. The voyager model supposedly has better lighting but at twice the price it wasn't worth it to me. And the uneven bottom lighting isn't bad, but it is there and I would have thought Amazon would have fixed that by now. Maybe it is a limitation of having 4 light sources vs the 6 on the voyager. Still, the lighting is not bad and this is a very nice eReader. Noticed the background is a touch more beige than the grey on the previous model which is a welcome subtle change, easier on the eyes. Like too that the font is a dark grey versus pitch black which also reduces eye strain especially for those with dyslexia who can be sensitive to harsh contrasts. Overall, highly recommended. Best eReader for the price.
I purchased the Amazon echo a little over a month ago. I like the concept of the echo but unfortunately it's not as responsive as I had hoped. Trying to get local news is nearly impossible. It's also not in sync with my Amazon account. Packages I ordered on Amazon that are delivered, it will still tell me are still in route. I think the speaker is a decent quality and I stream music quite often. I probably would not buy it again. Too expensive for the limited things it can do. Again, I like the concept but it still needs a lot of improvements.It's advertised as though it will make your life easier but other than creating a shopping list for me, I have not had an overwhelming life enhancing experience.
Gave it to my grandkids(ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.
I pulled the trigger on the fire tablet knowing the I would have to install the google play store separately. with some work this could be the most bang for your buck for an android tablet.
Actually love the comfort of get answers with few words. Some time it get's confused so make sure there is no background noice. There are so many features I love.
The tablet is fast, clear, and easy to use. Highly recommended!
Got both Echo and Dot. About 5 times a day I loose connectivity. Worked with tech support 3 times. Now, they suggest I have to adjust Motorola router settings to make the router compatible. More time!.
If your looking for a tablet to surf internet, facebook, emails, etc. than this is it. I can watch crystal clear movies through app Netflix/Infinity- live TV and shows. No tablet out there to beat this $39.99 product. So far so good!
So easy to set up and use right away. Dual camera is great.
I have put off buying a tablet because all the ipads I tried with friends were hypersensitive making it difficult for me to navigate easily. This one is the bomb - I am 68 and not a techie but quite intelligent - this Kindle Fire is a perfect fit for me and does everything I want it to do and more with great speed and wonderful resolution. I am new at tablets and look forward to enjoying learning all that this Kindle Fire will provide for me - so far each step has been a breeze. I just love it.
Bought 2 for Christmas. One for a 3.5 year old and one for a 2 year old. It works well for them and if they trash it I'm only out $50 for a replacement.
Easy set up. Fun to use. Great sound quality. Highly recommend.
Originally purchased for visually impaired elderly person. I would have liked the screen to be at least 2" larger.
The tablet works just great and the price can't be beat!
I GOT THE FIRE HD SO MY KIDS COULD READ BOOKS , PLAY GAMES AND WATCH THEIR SHOWS . WITHOUT SPENDING AN ARM AND A LEG FOR THE TABLET. I THINK THIS IS A GOOD TABLE FOR KIDS / YOUNG TEENS WHO WANT TO HAVE A TABLET BUT NOT BREAK THE BANK.
Great for movies or any shows you want to binge watch. So many more options than just Netflix
Paper white does not allow you do use books from the library as you cannot load apps. Only books from Amazon are available to read.
Can't expect too much at $33.33, out of the box it has pixel damage. Already have it set up too much of hassle to return or exchange now.
Needed a table to use for reading Kindle books. This one works great. I also purchased on for my daughter. Good selection of games that my grand daughter can play.
I bought it for a friend on christmas she love it. Very easy to use
Straight out of the box It was so easy plug and play. Voice prompt worked great
I have had the Amazon - Fire TV (2015 Model) - Black for about 1 1/2 yrs, I love it. I have found the fire tv to be much better in regards to less buffering than the fire stick. Great product.
I was amazed everything I could do with this Amazon Fire TV! Loved the relibility and ease of use. Plus with the RF remote I can hide this behind my TV.
It's my first time to buy a discount product on web. It's is fantactic. I definitely like the reader. If possible, I want to buy another one for my friend at such low price. :)
Works great greatest of the year and I love it and it is the best thing ever I want to be the first half of the year before I go to sleep and wake
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet for the price. Nice screen, fairly easy to use, lots of games and apps. This was a gift for my mom who isn't the most tech-saavy and she likes it a lot.
Alexa has been a great addition to our home. She does many things that we have not began to explore. We just got this for Christmas and look forward to advancing our home with Alexa.
had the fire hd 7inch reader.. love the new tablet can do so much more and great value for a tablet
This is my third Kindle. I have gifted my older ones to parents and friends as I have upgraded. This model has a great, easy to read screen, and the ability to keep a library worth of books with me during travels is great.
Great all around Tablet. Does a little bit of everything along with being the best e-reader around.
This is an item that is easy to use for novices. My child uses it and has no issues
Worth the money it is a very useful device . Buy this if you are an avid reader
My kids love there Fire. They cannot put it down. They love being able to download books and read them right from their tablet.
Must have if you have Amazon Prime. Easy to set up and easy to use.
I have a Kindle Voyage and wanted another reader because I read a lot. I decided for the Paperwhite as it's just a tiny bit heavier than the Voyage but just as good. I highly recommended it.
I have always loved the Kindle products. This is my first Paperwhite and I am incredibly pleased with it. Very lightweight, the touchscreen aspect doesn't get in the way of things, and the backlight doesn't compromise the e-ink quality of feeling like I'm reading on paper.
So far the Amazon Fire is great, with limited issues. We are used to clicking on our DVR and watching all the taped programs we missed. We are still trying to figure out how to do that on the Fire.
I bought this tablet to replace my textbook. It has everything I want and need. I only purchased it after I learned you can download from google play. The amazon equivalent to google play has a lot of the same apps and games.
BOTH CAMERAS WORK WELL. Videos are Great on this product. Down side is the on and off button seems to stick, I decided to see ifit can be fixed because I Like the product.
Very comfortable to read from - doesn't give off a bright light if reading at light. Doesn't strain eyes
Our family enjoys using Alexa and discovering all the things she can do. We Enjoyed it so much that we also purchased 2 dots.
Enjoy the fun facts each morning...also use it in the morning to find out the results of the late night baseball scores
I already own one but bought another for my sister in law for Christmas.
I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
The fact that it has parental control so I can verify what they are downloading is great
I purchased this for my Mother-in-Law. She wanted the Bible put on it. I loved it for myself! I almost kept it. it was great, but I already have an iPad.
Gave this product to my nephews and they love it. Easy to carry and easy to use.
Perfect cheap device for kids and grandkids nice to have sitting around
Never had a streaming device, but so glad I got this. Helped me cut the cord and will not look back.
This is a great simple tablet for the price. Can't go wrong. Bought two of these for my teen daughters. Love the fact that I can easily restrict what they are able to view and download.
Got this for our granddaughter to take on a spring break trip. She read the whole way. Wonderful.
Does the trick. This is a good tablet for the price.
Bought this for reading but enjoy all the features from books to movies
It was a perfect gift to give To my Bro-in-law techie!
Haven't really utilized the device yet. Have been very busy. Can't wait to sit down and see what it can do.
This tablet is the best you can buy for the money. Great apps, great picture.
This is a great little tablet. I find it is about the same size as the IPad Mini for a fraction of the cost. Lots of free apps and really nice graphics.
I absolutely love my amazon echo! The echo has so many features, it really is like having a personal assistant. You can get music, news, books and more on demand. The echo is easy to link to any accounts, and easy to link up with any home devices compatabile with the echo. The sound quality is great, and the range is excellent as well. Highly recommend!!
I got this as a gift for a student and they loved it! very responsive and easy to add apps to, just buy expandable memory and it was good to go!
Its a good product within this price range. Though the processing is not very fast but its ok for this price. For me, i bought it for my 2.5 year old son who just want to view video's and try out some basic stuff. So good to start for a beginner.
The amazon kindle paperwhite is perfect for reading before bed and anywhere really. The paperwhite is lightweight and easy to use. The paperwhite allows me to read my saved books from the amazon kindle app from anywhere.
This is the second Fire tablet that I have purchased. The first I returned in after I was not able to load YouTube onto the tablet. Amazon's take on Android was just to unfriendly to make it work. With this new tablet, Amazon has heard my concern and now I'm enjoying this tablet. It's well built for a sub-$100 device, but won't stand up to a lot of abuse.
Doesn't do much except radio and a couple of games. Wait for future skills before buying
We use this product to side load apps like Kodi. It works really well. I have never experienced any freezing of any kind or any lag time like I have with other products.
My nephew is going to high school and the kindle is a great gift for him. Bestbuy has good selection and the price is good too!
I bought this for my dad for Xmas and I ended it up using it more than him while on vacation and I loved it!
My nephews love to play with my phone. Now as anyone who has been around small humans knows they have an astounding ability to perpetually have something sticky on their hands. However, if its a rare case where they don't they will probably drop the device from the lack of said stickum. The kindel has come to my rescue as it has everything they need to be entertained. And best of all it lacks the anxiety inducing price tag for that moment when the kids demonstrate Murphy's law in action.
I like my echo but it is taking time to get used to it and enable apps for what I want it to do. Its getting better but there is a learning curve
I bought this product for my 4 year old grandaughter and she loves using it
I really enjoy using the echo to learn and create new recipes. In addtion I have added quite a few skill games, radio stations and news outlets such as NPR. Every morning I ask for my morning briefing and I get a run down of the current news. In my business weather is improtant so I get my weekly weather update each morning. Echo is a great device for keeping you informed or just playing games. I plan on getting my thermostat, lights and garage door attached to Echo. Best electronic deivce I have purchased in a long time. Great value for the price.
Greatest small tablet. Just wanted something convenient.
The kids more expensive tablets died twice. Repair was more than the Fire brand new.
Good product..Makes life easy.I have no issues so far with this .
very difficult to operate this if having problems knowing how to get to the instructions. Should have some computer knowledge prior to purchase.
I purchased the echo for 179.00, it is no on sale for 139.00. My friend bought one at home depot and they gave $40.00 refund. I had mine for 3 weeks but Best Buy would not give me a refund. Alexia is working great. I am going to buy me the smaller echo. At Bed Bath And beyond I get 20% 0ff. At home depot I get 10% off.
for the price this is a great works well the for the price display is hd love it
Great product and for the price it's a deal you can't pass up
This kindle tablet has been amazing. I am so glad with this purchase.
I mainly use this tablet to read my kindle books on but it also handles playing music and watching videos fine. Great for social media as well. A perfect first tablet for someone who has yet to experience a tablet or smart mobile technology. Definitely buy a decent sized micro SD card when you get it though, as the real space you receive after purchase is more like 4 GB because the OS takes so much space on the device.
This item was purchased as a gift. I heard nothing bad about this tablet so i can say it is a good tablet for kids.
The Kindle Fire HD is perfect for playing simple games and for streaming video while away from home. It's thin and light.
Better than the firestick because it has more memory and also has Ethernet port so you can plug directly into box for faster results.
I've never had a tablet before. Everything was easy to figure out battery lasts a long time
It is the top of the line e reader by amazon which is also the leader in e readers. The voyage is an excellent device and very versatile to carry on your trips. I feel the premium for the page turn sensors is little too high. In hindsight I would go with the paper white and save a few bucks.
This has been really good, easy to read and easy to transport.
Nice product for the price , very good tablet for beginners
I upgraded to the paperwhite after my very old Kindle died. I like the paperwhite screen. I hate that the pop up adds and recommendations have absolutely no connection to my reading history. It's very different from earlier Kindles so I'm still learning features. I can't understand why the paperwhite costs 2-3 times what the Kindle Fire costs.
I recently bought this as a blind buy for a christmas gift for a family member and they really enjoyed it. Also a great price.
Kindle is awesome. Operates similar to iPad only much much cheaper.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. They love it.
The Echo is fun, useful and entertaining, I use it for making a grocery list, for a timer while cooking, etc, and I love it for listening to news on the radio and to my music on my play list.
I have had a previous kindle before and so I already knew what to expect getting. Text is clear and the back lighting makes it crisper depending on the lighting of the room you are reading in. In the dark if I put the backlight on it is possible to read but personally it hurts my eyes. So I bought a separate LED clip on book light. I use Amazon all the time so it's the company I prefer to buy ebooks from.
Great addition to the home. So easy to set up and use. I love the shortcuts it has provided to my life.
Would recommend it to anyone! It is a great product!
Great product for home automation, music, news, weather
This is the perfect option for me. I can have more than one book at my disposal, yet it's lightweight and easy to carry. The print is easy on the eyes, too..
Excellent product just what I was looking for. works great.
Trs heureux que les livres soient sur Icloud. Aprs m'tre fait voler, c'est bien de pouvoir retrouver tous mes livres avec toutes les notes que j'avais prises.
I got this for my daughter after the tablet that she had before broke (it wouldn't charge, it wasn't a kindle). She loves it. I love the fact that I could put a memory card into it to give her more memory.
This is a great little tablet. The price is right, and it offers a clear picture, with good speed for browsing the web. The interface with Amazon is perfect. Great for kids and adults too. Plenty of fun colors to choose from.
My kids really like this and if your buying a tablet for kids it's worth it, but maybe not so great for adults.
Converts any TV into a smart TV. Added Kodi to mine and works great.
Really like my Kindle Paperwhite. Very nice feel, responsive, intuitive menus, and easy to read.
i Haven't used by new kindle very much yet. You need 50 characters. I don't have that much to say.
I replaced my old tablet with this one. I like this tablet because it has a back light and I can read in bed without disturbing anyone else.
The Kindle10 is OK, but a bit confusing to figure out. I do love the larger screen since I need to increase the text size. However, I did find a book that does explain the Kindle10 version on Amazon.
Alexa is a very good product. It is nice in appearance and style. Voice quality is good and clear. Alexa should offer more products to folks who don't have amazon prime just to keep interest in the product. It is a little pricy along with extra items you need to buy to get alexa to give more functions.
Purchased this for 6 year old boy and couldn't be happier
I LOVE my Echo! Everyday there is a new skill or a new app that must have. Of any wait to see other major names start to integrate Alexa into everyday life.
this thing will do anything... Will def by more and recommend it
It is everything it promised. I use it to download books.
Its a great tablet for the price. I bought one for my wife and one for my daughter.
Bought this for my niece in Jamaica and she loves it. This was the best $50 I spent all year.
Such a great reading tablet it has a back light perfect for reading in the dark
I need a table that had more memory to start with. This fit the bill. I had a kindle before but mine did not have a camera like this one . This make it easier to capture picture instead of having to stop and use my phone.
Need to have better info for special needs children. The kids utube is confusing but love the guarantee
Works good. Still has buffering issues. Otherwise no problems.
This is a good tablet to own. I like the features.
I was attracted by the price of the base Kindle but in the end opted for the Paperwhite as it was illuminated and had rounded edges which felt more comfortable. Definitely worth the extra few dollars in my opinion. My local library offers free loans of ebooks which I have been taking advantage of. There are also many free books online - samples and classics with expired copyrights. Battery life is good and the device is lightweight. Even in bright ambient light you get minimal screen glare. I prefer this to a physical book which I never expected.
GREAT TABLET FOR MY DAUGHTER And she loves it so very much...Thanx again Best Buy...
I bought this after I bought the Amazon Echo. This was actually an impulse buy. I saw it and bought it not reading any reviews on it, because I enjoyed the echo so much. It does everything the Echo does, but the sound quality is not great. When you're playing at middle volume, it's ok. The lows are there but doesn't sound good. I'm guessing I'm comparing it with the Bose mini soundlink. When you set the volume high, the bass is almost non-existent. The mids and highs are loud with the louder volume. Another difference is that with tap, you have to press the mic button to start saying commands where as with the echo, you can just say the wake up word and it will start listening to your commands. I do like the fact that it's portable. Because of that, I'm on edge of returning it and holding off until maybe another model comes out with better bass.
Good, but unhappy that screen size is small, less than I expected
I like Alexa device. I am using this since one month.This is future of communication.
As I reviewed different tablets, this tablet kept coming back as my best option for the items I was looking for. It IS a great tablet, but there are a few things I don't really like about it. I didn't realize that Amazon has it's OWN browser SILK. Everything even your banking info goes through Amazon. Not sure I like that. Also, items don't automatically close out when you leave a page and I have to frequently hit the button on the bottom and close out multiple items. It might just be that I am not THAT computer savoy, though I do know how to navigate my way around. Sometimes the touch feature just seems to freeze and won't recognize that I am attempting 'touch'. Lastly, the on/off button is right where you hold the tablet on the side, so I am often 'accidently' shutting it down. Most annoying! Overall, I am happy with my purchase and for the price I like it. Just wanted to point out the other items.
The Tablet was better than expected.Excellent Choice on my part.
ok tablet - can do what I need - doesn't stay charged long enough tho
Got the echo and was so happy with it got the dot. Then moved up to the smart home bulbs and now Alexa turns on my lights. Moving to thermostat next
Good products and service and happy with Amazon Fire Tablet
I definitely recommend getting this amazon tv over just the fire stick. It does a much better job of running all apps over the stick.
Great tablet for the price. If you're looking for a cheap and easy to use tablet, this is the one.
I love the kindle, although do then to drop them. Always get the insurance and best buy makes it easy to replace them
Kindle Fire is a dream. Larger screen easy to read
This keyboard does it all for the beginner or for the professional. The keys have a real piano feel with some resistance. The speakers are amazing. The choice of instrument sounds are outstanding and the tone of those instruments are right on.
Alexa is getting smarter and gaining a sense of humor as well similar to Siri. The speaker sounds great and Alexa curates the music of our chosen genre in the house all the time.
I love this product , so nice to have for trips!!!
I haven't really used mine that much, therefore I cannot rate it to its fullest. So far its been good.
This is the newest Kindle with improved resolution. Fantastic device for the beach or any outdoor reading.
Got the tablet for my grandma. She was able to figure it out and she doesn't even have a mobile phone. Not bad for under $40.
This is the best tablet you can get under $50, I bought it for my daughter and she is quite happy with it. The last Kindle I bought was Kindle Fire 1st Gen Refurbished for $100 which doesn't have camera or mic. So it was definitely a good upgrade for a very low price.
The Paperwhite is great upgrade from my old reader. Easy to read, easy to carry (important cause I travel a lot). Definitely worth the price.
My old fire stick had just died. So I upgraded, now I have the power to stream with no lag.
amazon tablet is great. no google bloatware. everything is amazon. one thing i didnt like was. ads on the lock screen and no way to turn off.
got this for my mom and she loves it good for games or reading on
Overall a great device that has an amazing sound quality.
MY KID LOVES IT. I LIKE IT BECAUSE I GET NOTIFIED OF EVERY SINGLE GAME HE IS PLAYING ONCE THE TABLET IS BEING REGISTER.
Its a great product, easy to use and so easy to carry anywhere !
Using this with Playstation Vue for TV and HBO Now. It works great!
I had a wink hub which i stopped using long time back as it was clunky, so when i saw the new echo i thought i will give it a try. Now not a day goes by when i dont use the Echo. I have connected my Kasa lights to Alexa, my phone, Bluetooth speakers (anything and everything). You can just ask Echo to turn off lights, turn it on, connect to your phone etc and Alexa will just do it. No more pulling out ur phone to play music!!!!
I use the Fire Table to read before bedtime. Its nice and light so my arms don't get tired, and I can adjust the light setting so it doesn't bother my wife. It also travels really well... Well worth the $49 I paid for it.
Wanted a tablet at a cheap price and this item fit the bill. Bought on Black Friday which made the price even better. The screen looks good and the performance for the apps I have used so far have met expectations. I mainly used for surfing the web, youtube, and netflix. This device handles each with ease. Overall, I am satisfied with this device.
If you are a digital reader, you need a Kindle. This is excellent, but expensive. If you are a casual reader you will probably be happy with a less expensive Kindle. I do recommend a case.
The Tap is a great companion to your every day business. It has become my partner in my daily communications.
I purchase this product to give it away as a gift, good product overall
Great gift as it's reasonably priced. Battery life is fantastic. Put it into airplane mode and it lasts even longer. Don't forget this is the one where you have to adjust the backlight. If you want to auto adjust you need to get the Voyager. Both nice and compact. Highly recommended.
Parental controls are key. My boys can download games within the parameters I set and I get notification of any purchases. 2 year no questions asked replacement is key.
It's a nice toy, grandkids had hours of fun trying to get funny answers out of Alexa. I had to change the name to echo, told the grandkids I turned off, peace finally.
Surprised now much we use our Echo everyday. Do yourself a favor also get a Bluetooth speaker and the Echo remote
I have wanted my Amazon Echo for several years and was able to buy one BUT not without an extended warranty! Which if you buy ANY ANY thing from BEST BUY, it's Now imperative you spend your money for an extended warranty! Like now if it wasn't for the warranty on my Moto phone that I HAD to return it! Which is totally dysfunctional NOW and friends can't get it to work! My new exchanged phone has t totally screwed up my availability to access Pandora! Luckily, there's an extended warranty you have no choice BUT to purchase! They "TRY" to make everything right with customers!
Echo seems well engineered. The voice response is very natural and usually understands what I'm saying. Echo wouldn't connect to my home WiFi because I had two networks with the same SSIDs (one 2.4ghz and one 5ghz). Once I changed the name (SSID) of one of the networks, Echo connected right up and hasn't had any trouble since. Because of the WiFi issue, I took 1 star away.
I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!
The Echo is awesome! I purchased this with the intention of controlling my Hue Lights through voice however it has much more features than expected. My wife now turns it on daily for iHeart Radio. I purchased this almost 1 month ago and I'm still discovering new things with it. The only issue is there is no Plex app however I'm sure one is in the works soon.
I purchased 3 of these, one for each of my children.
She likes it but it started freezing up. It's fun to her.
I've been using kindles for many years and have tried every model out there. For my purposes, the Paperwhite is the best. I have a very wide range of interests in my reading and the ease that the Paperwhite offers in creating folders to make accessing books is truly remarkable. It is so easy to switch from alphabetizing by author, date of purchase, or title of book. My eyes give me trouble on some days so I really like how easy it is to change font size and background lighting, Since purchasing the Paperwhite, I have delegated my Fire almost exclusively to the role of playing games. Almost all of my reading is done on the Paperwhite. (this purchase was actually a second Paperwhite that I use as a secondary kindle which I keep next to my bed for easy access for nighttime reading. Even though the Paperwhite is so light, having one in each of the places where I read the most is very convenient.
I have this paired with my Samsung Smart Things, WEMO devices, Smart Light Bulbs (LIFX and Sengled). She is pretty witty and very fun to mess around with and understands you even with music or TV on at loud volumes. I love the features and can't wait for more compatible devices to come out.
I bought it for my 2 year old and he loves it. It's easy to use and the perfect size for his hands.
I asked my husband for this for Mother's Day. He didn't think it would be worth the price but he bought it for me anyway. We both love the device. It is convenient for checking the weather, setting a timer, listening to music, etc. I plan on buying another. I love this product.
I purchased this for my father in law and it works perfect for him. Good product for the price.
THIS IS A GREAT NOT TO EXPENSIVE TABLET THAT WE LOVE!
Tablet is nice for simple use and is slim and light, good for browsing through emails and watching videos, tablet is a bit small for gaming but it will do everything else excellent.
Interfaces with my Arlo system, tp-link system, and others via IFTT.Improving conversational capabilities which is a plus so you don't have to remember specific skills. Looking forward to true artificial intelligence capabilities.
It's show everything in great view of videos and..
Amazon fire have the best window from all the others out there even apple tv
Use the Kindle apps on Android phones and tablets, but apps don't support family sharing. These Kindles are great (and inexpensive) for that purpose.
This product was easy to install. It allows me to view things on my television I previously could not. Now I have a smart tv plus it gives me access toMany other websites and viewing options.
Nice product works well with my stuff easy to use and set up
Good beginner/budget tablet. Worth the price. Happy with my purchase.
Easy to use, great battery life, plenty of space and amazing screen quality.
Excellent little tablet for reading books when you're on the go.
Very cool. My daughter loves throwing on dance music. Like that i can get news and weather by asking. Even had a pizza delivered
This product is amazing and I would recommended to anybody!!!
This is my fourth Echo device and me and my family are loving it. We use it many times in a day for various things like weather, time, controlling lights and other appliances. New feature of Music grouping makes it even better for filling your entire house with music.
Would be lost without my kindle and kindle unlimited spend lots of time reading
Runs flawlessly...Love The Fact It's Not Just Wi-Fi Enabled
Bought this for my 3 year old and it is great. Wish it had a bit more storage but overall very happy with my purchase.
This tablet holds everything that I want and still has room to get through the net fast.
The future is here. This is a great addition to our home
I love the new kindle. I have a third generation and the new features are awesome.
How have people lived with Alexa so long? I have had her from the beginning. Now I'm buying her as gifts. She now has capabilities to call and message, play jeopardy , keep shopping lists, play music, every week she gets smarter, and you get and email to hear about it. Can be an interactive device with other home gadgets too ie Nest and Lifx lights. So cost efficient go buy it today. All others are imitation
I Bought Two Of The Amazon Fire Tablets For My 6 & 8 Year Old And I've Had No Problems With Them. They Don't Have Some Of The Games That You Can Download On An Android Market But Other Then That The Tablets Overall Are Great Especially For Kids Sense They Have a Child's Browsing & Adult Browsing With Parental Locks.
Grandkids loved it the perfect xmas present for ages 5 to 15
I love the Amazon Echo. We are having so much fun with it and it was so easy to set up. We're still learning all it can do. I was very satisfied with Best Buy's service and delivery also.
I'm really enjoying my Amazon FireTv. It's everything I though it would be.
I do not know much about this tablet and have not quite figured out how to use it yet but it seems like a great little tablet for a first time user.
Setup went smoothly (vs. Roku that could never detect wifi), picture quality very good. Menus a little squirrelly and navigation/selection could be better, but not awful. Only negative so far is that remote seems to devour AAA batteries.
I have both Amaxon-Echo and Google home . I don't find but little between the two .
I thought I would get the fire as a back up tab for my grand daughters. Well, in my opinion it's a little more confusing to navigate around than just a plain android tablet. So if, like me you are an android lurana566, this is a bit different to operate.
Great speaker- get Amazon and Spotify music anytime. Traffic and weather. Tells stories and jokes too!
My daughter love it, she always get busy with it..
Thanks to Amazon Echo, I don't have to go through the burden of always going on my phone or computer to get little things done. From setting an alarm to playing your favorite song, Amazon Echo is one of the most promising products and best experience I've ever invested in.
..who is an  fanboy, and now he will more than likely trash this when the HomePod arrives.. yay  ..
The Amazon Echo is not bad. She seems pretty intelligent but sometimes she doesn't seem to understand simple questions.
Can't beat this lil tablet on value.Purchsed on black Friday so we got a great deal.Good battery life and the user experience is good too.I've had no problems with it and I am happy with my purchase.
In my experience the Amazon firestick is by far the best streaming device currently available.
This is a must for every home. It's the perfect assistant. Can answer any question, plays thousands of songs, easy ordering of items off Amazon.
I bought two of these tablets one for each of my daughters for Christmas they're able to connect to social take pictures listen to music perfect reasonably priced tablet. wish I would have bought it for them sooner recommended it my sister and she bought for her kid also
Very good for kids. Good quality. We couldn't see any problem.
Lightweight and handy to use. Nice one if you love reading and dont want to keep too many books in your bag :)
This tablet was SO easy to set up, even this old technologically-challenged grandma did it without help! I am able to load many books on it. It is convenient and easy to handle.
I purchased the Kindle fire to replace my iPad that stopped working. It is so much easier to use and lighter than an iPad. I wish I had purchased one years ago.
I bought this for my wife, basically just for reading books. She has come to love it. She is constantly reading. Lighting wasn't an issue or I would have gotten the reader.When she isn't reading, I borrow it for puzzle type games, and it is great. Not a iPad by any stretch but it is more convenient than the mini that she also owns. Prior to the Amazon Fire she was reading on the iPhone 6+.a
Not easy for elderly users cease of ads that pop up.
Really nice tablet full of content when using Amazon prime account. Great gift for any holiday or birthday
This tablet proved to be an awesome gift for the kids! It doesn't have Instagram and runs a little off kilter sometimes, but good for the most part
I recommend this to everyone, the ability to get information that is quicker than a push of a button. Awesome
Gave this to my mom and dad and they love it! Perfect!
Excellent value and popular for all ages.Great for reading books and browsing the internet
Bought for my niece's 6th birthday, and it was her favorite gift. She really enjoys it.
Enjoying my items with members of my family and friends
Easy to use, great for many apps. I like the fire tv version because it can accept an Ethernet cable.
Couldn't wait to get my hands on the fire tv. Better than the Apple TV
Read books, shop, browse the Internet. Just what I need it for. Great tablet. I bought one for me and one as a gift. We both love it!
My Amazon TV has two gig in the ram and a quad core processor and it runs great no problems right now only owned it for six weeks right now but it's good
Works great even outside easy to learn how to download and settings
This was a gift for our daughter. We have downloaded movies and game to it for road trips. She loves it. Super fast. It works great. Picture is beautiful! Get it if you like good electronics on sale!
This speaker is fun and intuitive. Alexia keep learning every day.
I am very pleased with this purchase. It is lightweight and the smaller size enables me to carry it easily. This Kindle allows me to read out in the sun without any glare. The only suggested improvement would be a lighted display to enable reading at night.
Purchased this for my 5 year old daughter so she could watch cartoons on Netflix. It's very durable, I use it sometimes myself, not a powerful as an iPad mini or galaxy tab but very good for the price.
Setup was going great until the remote stopped working. Replaced batteries several times but did not help. Had to return product.
Alexa is a very good tool to have in homes. The only thing is that sometimes we have to repeat questions.
A friend of mine was in the market for a new tablet. I had researched the Fire tab for some time and liked the specs, which met her needs. I decided to buy her one for her b day, SHE LOVES IT!
Purchased a total of 3, one for each of my grandsons and one for me. Love reading on this kindle. One of my grandsons got a PS4 and he plays with his Fire rather than the PS4!
I have kodi installed and this box works wonders if you don't have one get one
My kids love them and they have yet to break them! Unlike some others I've tried that cost twice as much.
My 9 yr old daughter loves to play with it. Be careful children don't order prime.
This product is easy to use and you definitely get what you paid for. It is also easy to insall.
A little pricy. I'm not a fan of the onboard speaker. You cannot tune it. It is preset and is a little flat and mono in sound. Otherwise I wish it would be able to easily be paired with more home items!
This is my 3rd Kindle. Need I say more? I have not been disappointed with this product and the value of the product is better each time I purchase it!
It's not a $300 Samsung tablet. It's a $35-50 tablet, depending on the deal. But this thing packs so much entertainment (especially with a Prime membership) that it's hard to go wrong with the almost-disposable price.
Received Echo as a Bday present. Returned and purchase the Dot.Saved about $150. Love the Dot.
Very good tablet for very little money. Kids love it and it is very durable.
My son loves this tablet, he will not put it down!
Am very happy with my kindle fire. Many options. Books that I had read on my kindle transferred over without any issues.
When I decided on this I was shopping for something but didn't know what. After using I have decided this is it. Does all I need.
Picture is great. Quick response when going from site to site. Sound is not so good but what I expected from a tablet.
The the price and size it works well my mother loves it
We don't have cable tv so this is a great way to get to see shows and rent movies
Kindle Oasis is very light, with 4 gb of memory no need for WIFI to read!
This is an OK tablet for the price. Does is able to do a lot of things like a more expensive tablet, but I find it to be slow. I bought it mainly as a reader, so am not to concerned about the other apps, etc. Is handy to carry in a purse for reading on the go. I have hooked it up to public wifi and seems to work OK, did not do much as don't know if any security there.
We bought two of these Fire Tables online Black Friday. We loaded Google Play and then our Google accounts. I still can't believe they were only $35. One of the most exceptional buys for Christmas...or EVER. Very happy.
Much better than expected. Easy to use and set up.
The new kindle has so many great features and is an excellent upgrade over the previous version. I love the ease in using it and it is so compact and light i take it every where. A perfect christmas gift and great value for the price.
Great service I loved all of the items and were great gifts
This is clearly taking advantaged of Kindle customers who lack a technical understanding of what it is. Go to Amazon and search: AC USB Chargers, many listings starting at two for 7.99.
I love my Echo. My son had one since it first came out and frankly I was not that impressed and didn't think I would use it. I love technical stuff and when they had a good sale on them, I decided to try it and thought if I didn't like it, I could take it back. Well, was I surprised!!! Ahead of buying it, I had already set up more of my Amazon Prime music playlist, and the library too. Then I also went to Pandora and created more playlists and stations there. That saved a lot of time. Set up was so simple, no problems at all. I find I use the News Briefing every morning, what's on my calendar for the day or a specific day, and playing the music a lot whereas with my ipod, I usually don't unless we have company. Also, adding to shopping list and to my google calendar I use all the time. I would say the negatives are - if you have the volume up higher, she doesn't always hear you for the command. Another learning curve is the commands themselves. It is hard to remember exactly how she wants you to say the task. Right now I am writing down on index card the skills I can't seem to remember, such as Mindfullness from Prime which plays quiet meditation music or you have to tell her playlist from what location and between Amazon Prime and Pandora, if you don't say the exact playlist name that you made, she can't find it easily. Overall, just love it - I looked into buying the Echo Dot to place that in my bedroom, but was so disappointed that they have sold out and discontinued it. There is some hint that they are bringing something else out similar, but I liked the fact that it WAS a plug in, not internal battery that only lasts a few years. I wanted to be able to take it on vacation and pack in suitcase but the Tap has a charger unit with it, more bulky, & not excellent reviews, but the Dot had great reviews.
Bought this for my son and he loves it. Only thing I wish battery ran longer other than that great tablet.
I absolutely love reading on the Kindle Paperwhite. It's great being able to sit outside and read and not worry about the glare. It's very lightweight and easy to hold in one hand.
The tablet has been great for reading and the picture is large enouph
Bought for my mother to review pictures and play game. She is enjoying it since games can be played without Wi-Fi.
I HATE this machine. First, I specifically asked the salesperson if I could connect to the internet. He assured me I could. It does not. Second complaint is that you can't just press the book and delete it. You have to go to Amazon to do this. I hated it so much I gave it away.
Enjoy the performance and size of the television we purchased. We are very satisfied with this product
It's an excellent product but will occasionally misunderstand what seem to be clear commands. Know what you want to say to it before you do so... it doesn't like pauses in speech. It seems to integrate well with compatible devices... and I love being able to use it to adjust my room temperature and lighting from bed.
great ultracheap tablet from brand you can trust! buy two!
The Amazon - Fire TV with Alexa Voice Remote is a great product. The setup is easy. I do advise you to set up an Amazon account prior to make the setup easy. I am an Amazon Prime Member, but it's not necessary to use the fireTV. I also purchased the fireTV stick for a 2nd bedroom. I will tell you though, the FireTV is worth the extra money. Not only is the FireTV still small, but it has 4k definition and you can use Ethernet and Wi-Fi. The biggest difference between this and the Fire Stick is that fireTv has expandable memory, excellent to add photos, apps, movies etc. The app store on the device also has games you can play on the fire tv and for an extra $40 you can get a remote that looks like an xbox controller.
Functional for anything you want to do. Not extremely fast but works pretty great
Don't know much about this item. I purchased it on Black Friday for my niece. Hope she likes it.
Plenty of capability for e-mail, games and other app's. They each have one now and love them more than the standard tablets.
Backup tablet not a lot of apps to chose from battery life decent. Good tablet for kids
I love Echo. Love the Music, weather, news& workout
Fun to have and the kids can get all kinds of info from Alexa.
This is larger than the dot but it provides a nice built-in speaker. I use it in my bedroom, where there are no external receiver/speakers and leave the dot downstairs connected to a larger speaker.
Best tab for kids with very low budget and as another good product from Amazon
I previously had a standard Kindle...the battery would no longer hold the charge. I wanted to replace it but be able to read in dim light. This feature is great. I chose the paperwhite because the screen did not glare like the Fire. It took some getting used to since it is all touch screen, but it has a few better features than the original. One complaint is that it sometime jumps further ahead than one page, so you need to pay attention when moving to the next page. I recommend it for someone who wants to use it for reading only.
I love it. Work good well .like to get a few more of my home
I love this tablet! It's easy to use and set up! I love reading books and magazines on the tablet! The apps are great and easy to use! This is an all around great device!
Easy to set up and works great with hue lighting!!
Had to get this tablet it was a great price and came with free amazon movies for a year, I just had to change the case.
There are a few things that Alexa just does not get, but I do believe a lot of it is user error on my part. She's great with playing my music, setting alarms and giving me scores to my teams. I still have to learn to be more fluid with the machine in order to get the best results. Nothing like saying, "Alexa, can you ummmmmmm" and it replies, "WTH are you talking about?" It really doesn't say that, but it might as well. The more I use it, the better I feel about the machine.
Purchased this to get updates on weather and stock market but found many more uses. Many different apps to add during setup. And she tells jokes too.
I am very happy with my new fire tablet. it is easy to use
Great for kids. Bought both colors for two of my kids.
Of you're looking for a tablet with all the bells and whistles this may not be for you. If your looking for a great reader with easy access to all Amazon has to offer at an affordable price this may be what you're looking for.
This is so worth it if you are tired of cable. Just can watch just about everything.
I bought this tablet for my grandson in 4th grade. He loves it.
I can definitely live without it but what the heck, it is fun. I use it mostly right now to play music and turn lights off and on. I can tell it to turn on my driveway lights without going out in the garage and doing it myself. It is a great aid in the kitchen . I use it to add to my grocery list, make appointments , and to-do list. There is no end to what you can do with it to make like easier and keep organized. It can't cook, clean floors, do dishes but it can tell you how you should do it. It is a great little toy and help.
Works great for reading books online. If only using for reading would be a great purchase.
I don't use it nearly as much as I could. The kids love it. When they ask me questions I now tell them "ask Alexa!"
We bought WowWee MiP robots for our grandsons, 8 and 11 years old. They don't have iPad or iPhone in their home. So thoroughly researched what else would work for installing the app. Talked with Best Buy salesperson, who said the app could be loaded via the app store (it can't).Kindle Fire 2015 is included on the WowWee "compatibility" list. So we bought them each a brand new Kindle in order to use the app. They had Kindles from earlier years, but these wouldn't support the Bluetooth functionality needed for the robots.ABSOLUTE FAIL. We tried EVERY possible configuration (adult vs child Amazon accounts; Bluetooth on first or off first; MiP on first or off first; etc). It never worked at all ~ not even once.Also tried full factory reset on each device, loading the app via a Google Play account, rather than Amazon Kindle account. Google Play wouldn't load the app; said it wasn't compatible with this Kindle device.Opened a ticket on WowWee. The response was that they've had the same experience - the bluetooth on this Kindle fails and so the app doesn't work with the WowWee robots. They admit it fails, yet it's still on their approved list.So this was an absolute waste of money, tho at least the boys can play some free games we loaded for them.
Faster then the fire stick plus SD card for storageWorth the extra price
Bought this for my dad, he is 87. Very easy to use and setup. He loves it and uses it 3/4 hours a day
It was ancient technology and did not keep up with the internet.
I bought one and gave this one as a gift- much appreciated and great price.
Daughter loves it and great customer service! Educational and fun!
23 year old with many special needs loves this tablet. I replaced her old laptop computer with this tablet which meets her needs better. She mostly uses Facebook and games, and this tablet is more portable everywhere for her.
This Kindle is exactly what my wife wanted and has worked out wonderfully.
We purchase this amazon fire TV for one of my TVS that is not smart and e are very happy with it, we used to watch Hulu, Amazon TV, it is very fast and we haven't had any problems.
I really enjoy this item. Very easy to use and navigate
The tablet is small and a great tool for road trip with the kids. It keeps them entertained and is small enough for them to carry in a small backpack.
A very good product by amazon. Considering the price, even better.
Easy to use.Easy to connect with cellphone and tablet to play YouTube. The product said it will upscale to 4k quality but the picture show on the TV is the same as regular product without 4K.
I purchased for my 9 year old daughter, its a plus
My kids enjoy their tablets. They really enjoy the games the can download on it.
Great tablet for reading and the ocassional surfing. It plays videos well from Amazon prime and the display is pretty nice. A great addition is the blue filter for night reading. I bought two.
I have and Echo and order all the time no problem. Nice way to order if you don't have much time.
On Christmas Eve I went in looking for an iPad as a gift. They were sold out and I was directed to the Amazon Fire HD8. The picture quality is amazing (hence the HD). I watched a movie on it and the picture was better than my HD tv. I have to say, I would buy this tablet over an iPad any day...AND it cost less than a fourth of the price!
This is my first ereader. I've wanted one for awhile but wasn't impressed with features until the two most recent versions of Paperwhite were released (I have the latest version). I've read a few books and several magazines on it, so at this point I'm familiar with it. Basic functionality is excellent. For reading text it's pretty straightforward; magazine articles with images worked well for me, but I can see where screen formatting could be an issue for more complex illustrations. The backlight is very good (I wouldn't buy an ereader without it). Pages flips are lightening fast, and the touch screen is mostly quite responsive with minimal pressure (I have a few complaints, see below). Nice integration with the Amazon leather cover, you can just close the book and it shuts down. Buying books from Amazon is simple, and they are delivered via my home WiFi in seconds. Battery life seems endless, and recharge is simple (the included cable charges via a PC, wall charger is an accessory you must purchase). Great device for older readers, as you can kick up the font size and lighting for squint-free reading. It's about the size of a small paperback book and as light as a feather.My complaints: 1) Ads are mildly annoying, it's aggravating to pay more for an ad-free version; 2) Availability of books from my local library remain shockingly limited, even though these devices are hardly new; 3) The Amazon library for book loans (available for a monthly fee) is also very limited. I had a 30-day trial period, during which time I searched for several classic novels on both Amazon and my local library -- big fat zero across the board for my entire reading list. Want to read Catch-22 or Atlas Shrugged? You've got to buy it. ; 4) Highlighting is clumsy using a finger, although I've improved over time. Changing the highlighted area by dragging the electronic tabs is useless; 5) If you like to flip through a book, the Paperwhite will take you to the furthest page touched when you reopen the book. If you've read 50 pages, but went forward to see something on pages 180-190, you'll return to 191 next time. If you flip around a lot you'll get a real mess. Manual bookmarks are the only solution. 6) It's my understanding that when you buy a book from Amazon, you are getting a license to read that book on an Amazon device only (you are not getting a generic ebook that will work forever on any device). So if you buy a different brand of ereader 5 years from now you'll have to rebuy your library.Despite all this, I'm glad I bought it and would recommend it if you'd like a dedicated ereader versus a tablet.
Okay, so I am a slow adopter of using Kindle readers, but I have made stupendous use of this since buying it. I use it at work for keeping up to date with business journals and reading books on management styles and skills. Even my original intent was for use at work I find myself reading additional books for my personal entertainment more often. Screen is very easy to read in varying light conditions and menu is easily navigated. I am thinking of buying more of these for gifts at work for my employees at Christmas time.
I chose this item to as a giveaway for an office raffle. I have the same one at home and I love it!
Not a big fan of Amazon fire tabs...got one as gift from grandparents and it memory on 8GB gets full too quick and no way to expand
Nice device I like to use it to read books online.
This is a great device to have at home you can ask it any question and it comes up with the quick response it plays music on command the speaker sounds nice and I'm happy with the purchase and I recommend to others
All I can say is wow. This is a really nice box. I would recommend it.
I got this to basically experiment with. Straight out of the box, it's really not that impressive. It's a "novelty", however, as I checked out the skills available, lights started coming on - Literally! Echo's ability to integrate with Home Automation is excellent! Having voice commands for turning on/off lights may seem like a novelty as well, however, there are endless options for the elderly, or disabled with this little assistant, and some customizing.
Fire tv is good for watching prime movies, but great for making a easy Kodi box.
I think it is a great product, although I could not say whether Fire TV is better than Apple TV. Fire TV is better with the Amazon movies and shows, while Apple TV is directly through the iTune store for movies and shows.
Perfect
It's a great table for adults or children!! I do recommend purchasing this item!
This is my third. I buy them for all my grandkids.
I bought this tablet for my sister she loves reading books she can downloaded as many as wants
I love the kindle, it's great. I love that you don't have to carry a dictionary around, it's has one built in!
Echo is phenomenal. I find myself asking for definitions, music, weather, news and changing my thermostat. I'm looking forward to see the future with echo
Amazon Fire TV does a good job as a streamer the app market has a good selection of apps. I like the remote. When you use the service they do a good job of making you want to be a Prime member.
purchased for my daughter to read and she loves it.
This tablet has been the best one for the price we have purchased 3 other tabs for our kids and they have all broke and ran super slow they love them would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to save a buck but want quality
Purchased as a gift. The receiver loves it and said that it works nicely.
Loved the amazon fire tablet. I bought it as a Christmas present for my 4yo. I bought a case too because as you know kids tend do drop things... this tab was awesome because it linked up with my amazon account and I had control on what my child was viewing. I liked that the price was great and the product is durable. My son thinks it's awesome.
Good tablet for the money. Would purchase again. Very fast
Bought this product for grand child and he really likes it. Kept him busy on long trip.
Easy set up, easy to use! Highly recommend to anyone!
Got one for each of my kids. They use it to play games, watch movies, read and do homework
Super Slow, Would not download, Returned after a week
It works well w/ existing prime members for videos. The device can be enabled to utilize amazon free for parents to control contents on the device (games, videos, books, etc). but there is a monthly charge to the service.
Really like my Fire 7. Specifically bought it for a vacation so I could read and check my email for my business. So far I love it. Only downside is the connection speed is somewhat slow. When connected through WiFi at home, it is slower than any Laptop. Also, if you want to play games, I highly suggest the larger version. Hoping my husband gets me a stylist for Christmas to make some of the games a little easier.
Does just what it says. Easy to set up and use. Great alternative to cable.
Our daughter loves the size and portability of the product. Her iPad died and she uses her Mac book for school so this was a great choice for her to read books on.
I already have a kinds. I bought this as a gift. Love best buy online customer servive!
This tablet was a great buy. The price was lovely, so I purchased three of them for my nephews for Christmas! They love them! They've been very functional for what they are being used for. I have no complaints and they don't either!
We hooked this into our control 4 system and just love using it to turn lights on and off ....along with tv's and tv lifts
Good tablet simple to use and easy to learn and also great price
I bought this tablet for a Christmas for a family member gift even thought I wasn't too sure of the quality of this tablet because it was very inexpensive. The person who received the tablet was very satisfied with the speed, screen resolution and apps.
great item works real good. awesome awesome awesome
I HAVE PUT THE DOT IN THE BEDROOM WHERE MY ECHO IS IN THE LIVING AREA. MY FAMILY USES HER FOR EVERYTHING. ENJOY EVERYTHING ABOUT THE ECHO / DOT.
It's super easy to use and lightweight!! I love my new Kindle!
If you actually paid 20 for this adapter, you're out of your mind.
I love my Alexa she is great. I can ask her guestions anytime and she will answer. I would buy this again
Alexa is as smart as you program her to be. Nice sound when linked to music sources.
I was looking for a reader that I could use outdoors and found this device to be excellent outdoors. The battery life thus far has been excellent. It took some adjustment going from my Kindle fire to the Kindle paperwhite. Overall I am very happy with this new device.
This kindle is awesome. Great picture fast internet.
Great tablet for beginners or anyone and a great value
If you want a good e-reader Amazon has a number of options, but some of the newer ones are unexpectedly expensive. This one is great if you want to read any time but not break the bank.
She loves it, plays with it everyday all day. Thanks
When I fist walked into best buy, I thought I was going to get my son a new Samsung. I was nervous about spending that much on a first tablet for a second grader. The sales rep pointed me to the kindle, and i'm glad he did.
The Amazon Echo is used by me every day for various tasks. It can get me my daily news briefings, tell me the weather outside and play music form my Amazon library and other sources. Very useful and fun item.
Bought for my girlfriend so she can stop hoarding books. She's addicted to this now. It's great because it's small and cool looking, but perfect for her because she has immediate access to a plethora of books.
I like these tablets but I hate that you don't get insurance coverage on the $50 kindle anymore. The tablet itself is ok but it has too many slow downs and it doesn't update as it should.
Great screen and load speed is quick. Can watch movies and search on internet with out any problem-
Good battery life, great screen (your eyes won't hurt after hours of reading), easy to use
Bought this for my 8 year old son. This was his second tablet. Just his speed.
Incredibly fast and very affordable. I recommend it to others.
4k capable .....memory expandable...faster than firestick....perfect...
We bought this for the grandkids to use for school homework and it wotks very well. Easy for them to use.
Bought this Kindle for our grandchild and he loves it.For anyone who just loves to read this size and weight is perfect!!!!
The Voyage is clear, doesn't strain your eyes, and I have had no problems using it. Recommended!
Did what I needed it to do took back to get a bigger size
What can I say, the family's been going crazy with Alexa. Having her calculate math problems, asking about the weather, setting timers, playing our favorite songs on command - it's been great!
This is a great tablet for kids and adults alike.!
This is the best Kindle I have ever used. This is way better than the Kindle Fire HD which I also own.
Bought 2 of these for my adult children and they love it.
I bought this item because I was hearing good things about it. Decided to take a chance on it since it was on sale for Black Friday. Started using it in December and then afterBeing impressed, I decided to order some TP-Link Smart Plugs. Now I can control the lights by my voice. This is great!!! I even can make appointments on Echo as long as you give it access to your calendar. On 01/05/2016, I saw that this WON Product of the Year (2016) at CES!!! I just got my decision confirmed more than ever that I made the BEST decision to get this item!
First, the good news. The screen is a nice brightness and the words are crisp and clear. Best of all, it is so light and tiny (esp. in the Origami case) that it is super-easy to carry around in a purse. Love that. Also it has an amazing battery life; I have never had it run out on me and I don't even have to recharge it all the time. I thought this would be perfect but I am having two problems: (1) turning pages is not as easy or pleasant as my much-older, now-defunct Kindle. If I don't touch the screen in the right place, the page won't turn, and it usually has an annoying split-second black flash on the screen. The ancient Kindle was easier. (2) About half the time, when I return to reading, the screen is "frozen" on the ad. It says "swipe to open" but no amount of swiping gets it going. I have to reach to the rear of the kindle (which means disassembling the crimp in the Origami) to press the button on the back to get it to function again. There is no rhyme nor reason to when this happens but it's about half the time. Perhaps I am doing something wrong regarding both flaws but there is no one to ask about it, Best Buy staff doesn't know.
love this kindle. love the backlight in screen as well can read at night in bed without disturbing my husband
Nice budget tablet fast and does the job. For the price is a nice tablet.
I don't like reading too many physical books because it's a bit bothersome to lug around the heavy volumes. Having everything in this device is great since it's E-Ink and lit
gets the jib done. makes for a good tablet for the kids to play on
This tablet was purchased for my son. It does exactly what i want it to do which is play games and surf the web, namely YouTube. Great value.
Great deal on this tablet, easy for my son to use.
My Nephew wanted a tablet for Christmas so I decided to try him with this one since he's only 10, he loves it. This is really a great gift for someone.
Love my FireTablet !! A must have if you have Amazon Prime.
This kindle has better resolution and contrast ratio.It is light and comfortable. I would recommend this device at deal price.
I would highly recommend the Kindle Fire. For a first time user it was really very easy to learn to navigate.
This is so much better than roku. It's a must buy.
This is a very good tablet for a first time user or a young child. The software is easy to use and the camera works great.
What can I say since having the amazon Echo (Alexa) at home my family enjoys it. My kids do math questions with her and animal game, reading, history etc. And then there'sthe fun time were we ask her jokes play music ask silly question and so on. I definitely would recommend her to everyone.
Bought a fire TV player to replace an aging PS3. Works as advertised. Alexia can be a little quirky at times however.
The kindle is amazing and I love everything about it.
I'm a proud owner of 2 kindles and 3 kindle fires, my entire family loves them. I love how child friendly they are.
Bought this as a gift but was wrong item wanted so wasn't used
Those who enjoy reading! Has great life span on the battery and enjoy having access to a interior light for easy reading.
I love this product - light weight, easy on the eyes, glare-free.
Very good tablet for kids. I bought a few and gifted them to kids of my relatives
Purchased as holiday gift and added Amazon Freetime works great for the nieces and nephew.
Good sound quality. Charging dock is an added advantage.
I like the amazon firetv more than the firestick...
The price was great and my kid love it. Just bought another as a gift.
I ended up getting this Fire for $35 on Black Friday for my youngest son. Great price and great product, easy to use and set up.
This kindle paper white is an excellent choice for reading on the beach or in sunlight
I purchased this product with an eye on simply trying out a tablet. It has become a product I use every day. You have to get used to the Amazon app store, which is different than the Google Play store, though it is still android-based. The tablet is fast and the user experience is satisfying. I purchased the 32Gb. model for the extra storage space. It is a great tablet for under $100!
I got this for running kodi and it does the job much better than the stick. Definitely worth the extra. Much faster and the Alexia on the remote is awesome.
Exactly what I wanted and needed would recommend to anyone
This is our 2nd Echo. My husband had to have his own for his use outside by the pool so when he wanted to find out something, he could just ask Alexa and find the answer all while laying in the pool and watching tv. Such a fun thing to have around and ask questions to.
This product is great for regular use. I like it. It is good as a gift.
I really like this media streamer it works better than expected.
This is not appreciably faster than any other 1.8 or higher amp charger when used with my Kindle, Kindle Fire, Kindle Fire HD, various Android tablets, and other devices that have USB charging cables.It also blocks an adjacent outlet. Why didn't they put the plug on the short end like the original black-and-white Kindle chargerIt is an exceptionally good deal when purchased together with a Kindle Fire HD on promotion, but the regular price is not competitive for a supposedly premium charger.Additionally, it does not come with a cable, an omission that many people won't realize.**EDIT** I appreciate the many comments, but Amazon promotes this charger as something that charges faster than other chargers, but I haven't seen any such advantage. At promotional prices, it's a good deal, but not at almost twenty dollars. Otherwise, look elsewhere.**EDIT** When the review was written, the description of the item did not have this statement Optimized for Kindle tablets: PowerFast is a 9W charger and will charge your Kindle tablets faster than the white 5W Kindle charger will. That line was added a considerable amount of time after I wrote my review.
I had bought one for my bedroom back in december of 2015 and bought another one for my living room. I am a cord cutter and have zero complaints about this product. I have amazon prime as well so that adds even more to the amount of shows I can watch. Love it!
Love every aspect of the Echo. We even went and bought a Tap!
Great product and price service in the store could have been better
This product is very user friendly and it is very lightweight
Great device can watch anything without cable box!
Couldn't be happier with this latest Kindle e-reader! Love being able to turn pages by pushing a button and the bright uniform lighting! It's a big step up from my first generation paperweight!
Great tablet starter for kids and also like that it comes in different colors
Unfortunately, Alexa is still complicated to get it to recognize smart devices.
The new voyage is so much better. They've made some major improvements. I love that you can swipe, or use the side controls. The writing is crystal clear. The batter life lasts forever. I recommend this to anyone!
Researched alot and found this to be the best for the money. Great for traveling and overall reading. I love real books but going to library was getting harder with my work schedule. Plus I can loan out my books and keep them to reread later!
The uses for Echo are almost unlimited, but right now, it's controlling my home automation servers flawlessly !Talk about a "Swiss Army Knife"... This is the whole drawer !
I love my Amazon Echo! The sound is phenomenal. She is very responsive and is so easy to use. We love ordering from Amazon with it, using it to teach our kid animal noises and even playing games!
I love how compact this kindle is, I'm able to put it in my gym bag, backpack, and my purse. The screen is a plain white which is great for reading because you don't get a glare, I just wish Best Buy offered a case for it I had to purchase one from amazon.
I was looking for a kids tablet for my grandson but this one is so much better because it can grow with him and it has a kids mode on it which is really nice so he can't order or go online without permission. He loves this tablet and it's very well build .
Awesome for the price perfect for little ones if you don't want to worry about them cracking the screen or dropping the product and paying a lot of money
I purchased this product for my 10yr old he uses it for everything. I'm a teacher I recommend this product for all ages excellent tool for school assignments as well .
Best 100 bucks I've ever spent. Definitely recommend it.
Very pleased with my amazon fire tablet. Reasonably priced and works great.
Very cool. Works great in our kitchen and response quickly to voice requests.
fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
Gave this to my wife for Christmas. Upgraded from the original Kindle. She thoroughly enjoys it.
Got this for my mom. Decent tablet not heavy and good pirce. She loves it.
the tablet works just like my laptop quick& fast .
Godchild loves it. He works it very well. Haven't had any problems
Bought this for my godmother. She loves it to pieces.
Easy to set up, easy to use. Good for throwing in your bag and having access to books all of the time
It's not the echo but for what I paid, it's well worth every penny
After using IPAD, it is weird to see flickers while reading on a small screen. However, it was recommended by a friend of mine who thinks it is easy on eyes. Battery lasts long and you can download work related pdfs to read later. (my main purpose to buy was to read docs offline) Redundant if you have kindle on ipad/other tabs.
Its an alright tablet but I wish you could download more apps.
Easy setup, access to all my apps in one box. Requires reboots on a regular basis but runs very well.
I bought is item as a family Christmas gift. It gave it to them early. My children absolutely love it and it was perfect for my wife. I've shared my experience with a few friends and they've bought on.
Easy setup and use. Couldn't ask for a better product.
I bought these for a road trip for my teen daughters. The ability to download amazon prime content for viewing offline was the hook for me. Video quality is adjustable with the download and looks great on this screen. Battery life is adequate and a non-issue with so many charging possibilities in cars these days. All apps that I have wanted have been available for it too.
Would reccomend. Bought one for my daughter. Prefer over my expensive larger tablet.
It has a good sized screen. Very good wifi receiver. Overall good product.
It's Just what I needed to be able to keep books browse the web etc
Got this as a gift to replace our under the counter radio. It is great that it will play radio stations or go commercial free with either our Amazon account or Pandora. Alexa will answer all kinds of questions, Like what is the weather she tells me the current weather. She will do jokes she does conversions for cooking. I am now looking to add the DOT to other rooms of the home for added convenience. We will not be getting rid of it any time soon!!!
very fast n nice ui but controller quality not great! dropped onced n middle part now rattles but the app controller works great and all apps n games are quick
Has all kinds of games and apps for kids. Very fast.
Nice little tablet. Functional and easy to use.Fits the needs that I need to use it for.
You get what you pay for with this product. There are better tablets, but this is a wonderful product for the low price.
Easy stocking stuffer or gift exchange. Reasonably priced also.
This is the 4th one I have bought 3 for my kids and 1 for my 1 wife. They all love them they are perfect and for a amazing price.
I was really surprised at how much you can do with Fire TV. Thank you
Very good treating device be able to installed third party apps
Ordered online. Quick delivery and easy set up. Works great
Was not hard to set up and love the quality. Good screen size and clarity.
This product is so easy to set up and use. The sound quality is amazing.
Nice and good tablet to do basic things like surfing.
New fire has a number of changes over my Kindle fire some easier to use others not so. Overall a very good product t.
Easy to use and very fun!! Use it for my PC speaker and it's awesome!!
Great little device. Very handy to have around the house. Microphone works surprisingly well. Must have Amazon Prime and obviously internet to take full advantage of product. Speaker sounds great in a small room. Louder than I thought.Only 2 cons that are annoying: 1. It should have separate volume levels for the 'Alexa' assistant and for music. When you play music at a lower volume then you can't even understand Alexa until you turn up the volume. 2. It is terrible at Google search. For some answers like "what day is President's day?" it works. For others, you don't get any answer.
I used a Kindle many years ago but didn't like the size or the weight or the lack of backlight. This solves all those problems. I find the screen is a little small for my vision. When I increase the font size t I need to turn the kindle page more times than a book page. But that's me. Otherwise, it does well, turns the page smoothly and is easy to use.
Worked great the first week then started to reset randomly finally had to hard reset it works fine now maybe had an update I use it for my morning alarm and play music at night
Item works great. Gets all of the channels and sites I am looking for and more.
Does the job Sometimes misunderstands. Need to buy the right equipment with it.
Can it be an intercome also when using an Echo Dot?
I'm buying two more for my daughters. The tablet has become a useful tool for my family
Over the past few years, I have purchased Kindle Fires for various family members. The workmanship for those Kindles in abysmal. Two weeks ago, my Kindle Fire HDX shorted itself out. I replaced it with Amazon Fire 10.1. This device does NOT hold a charge for more than three and a half hours. You read that correctly!. I have been using it on a daily basis, each time it needs to be charged, it does a repeat performance. There is absolutely NO way that I will ever purchase any device manufactured by Amazon, ever again. I tell it like it is, if you want terrible device performance, opt for the Amazon product. If you need a reliable device, look at other manufacturers for the options you need.
I love this box. Family time with my family a a very low price
I'm an author and frequently give these away as promotional prizes. My readers love them.
She can be useful if you have the time to go through and set up all of her skills.
Very good speakers. Gets synced quickly and provides weather updates as well
I purchased the Amazon Fire HD 8 to replace my 2nd generation Kindle Fire. It works great and the colors are sharp.
My kids are growing out of their ipod touch and I wanted to get them something bigger. The kindle fire tablet is such a great deal so it was a no brainer to get all three of my kids one.
The system was a breeze to set up and was amazed how easy it was to use. Everything from questions to jokes to music. Next step is to connect it to the house and TV.
I am a long time Kindle user, but a few years back switched to a Kindle Fire, then a Lenovo Windows Tablet, and while the tablets worked well for reading, nothing beats the experience of the Kindle screen, and the paperwhite is a great upgrade on the original Kindle's screen.
Expensive speaker. Voice recognition does not work so well. Skill set is extemely limited even though Amazon claims 10,000.
Looking for a reader with some basic tablet functions. This was just that.
I got one for my grandma on Christmas and now I'm getting my son one too
I bought this for my 87 year old nother who lives alone and I have to say it has far exceeded my wildest dreams. It is easy to learn, easy to train, and has a wealth of aps and tricks you can teach it. I feel like my mom is far safer now with this in the living room and the dot in the rear of the house. Better yet, it actually keeps track of what is asked so there is even a dianostic element to it that can aid in tracking decline in seniors.
I got this for $39.99 and it is a great tablet for the price. Check online for directions on how to add the Google Play store for even more app options.
This pairs really well with my Logitech Harmony Elite remote. It's great being able to play music without ever having to touch a device. The feature we use the most is setting timers and playing white noise for night time.
No the best tabler, is loaded with bloatware from amazon.
I purchased 3 tablets as gifts for family members. The price was great and the quality is outstanding. The video and sound are impressive for the value. Wonderful tablet at a low price.
It's my family's third kindle device. Very convenient for reading although my daughter wants to read paper books after using her own kindle for 2 years.
NEW LARGER SCREENIS GREAT FOR WATCHING PRIME MOVIES AND READING BOOKS
This replaced an original fire stick. It works good enough for us to cancel our cable tv. If it's not Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, or the antenna we don't need to see it.
Most of the Kindles I have purchased have been gifts, but this one was for me. It is just what I expected from the reviews. Great tablet for the money.
It has such a BIG screen to see better. It loads games and books very fast!
The tablet is great for the money. My boys still prefer the iPad but they still have fun on this tablet. Charge holds decent and selection of games is sufficient. Overall 4 out of 5 is solid given the value of this device.
Steve Wright is a well informed and very good rep for Best Buy. Steve assisted me in the selection and ordered this out of stock item just in time for Christmas. Thank you.
my gesr fit heart monitor was not compatible with android level
At the price pout you will not find a better product!
I purchased this e-reader during black friday and am very happy with it thus far. It is thin, light weight, and very portable. Highly recommended for casual and avid readers out there.
Great tablets for everyday use. My child watches his favorite YouTube videos on it.
Great Amazon - Fire TV i am very satisfied with my unit
Like the price. We have 5 kids so these tablets are the way to go. One of the negatives is that if you drop it its very fragile. And you can not get Instagram on these tablets which bummed my older kids.
love the color. easily to navigate and add apps. need a memory card though.
Don't like that Amazon has so many ads going on this thing. Makes it pretty not fun to use.
My kids love it I have 6 of this and they all work good
This tablet is excellent. Hard to imagine all these features can be in this unit for under $50.00...It is a must buy, especially if you have children who like to use your tablet. Perhaps buy them one of their own....For us it is one of a few tablets we own, but it is one we are glad to have.
Much better than the stick. 4K works great and having an Ethernet Jack is greatly appreciated. Snappy menus.
The perfect fix for any book lovers delight. Allows you to see in the dark and maneuver without needing to shine a light on the device.
Great tablet for the price my kids love it I brought 3 more why not.
The Echo is an amazing gadget. It answers questions faster than I could look up the answer online. It is a great alarm clock. It is fun to ask Echo opinion questions, because it often has a great come back answer. It sings, tells jokes, and has one funny bedtime story. It does all this and I have just started learning all it can do.
I like best by becouse they are aforedabul and cuvenet and easy to get to.
The white echo is nice-looking and subtle on the countertop. The sound quality is the best feature. Basic voice commands are best: is it raining?, other commands need effort: what are cumulus clouds? 'Sorry I don't know that'.
This tablet works as expected. I would recommend this tablet to anyone who needs a new tablet with great battery life.
great tablet for kids when traveling. my grandchild loves it.
This item is very impressive and informative. Helpful for the working people always trying to utilize their time .
I don't read the books. I'm still learning about it. I don't really even use it.
Made my life simple and every app i ever needed is all in one place
I love this item. Meets my needs. Worthy. I recommend it.
I enjoy being able to play my rain music and falling asleep with ease.
Excellent alternative to paying the big companies a bunch of money.
I purchased this tablet for my mother as a christmas present. She is not tech savy to say the least. Once she got it set up she has fallen in love with. I would highly recommend this tablet to anyone
We love our tablets waiting recommend it to my friends
My whole family is enjoying our Echo. We try something new almost every day
This Echo is amazing!! I love waking up and not having to use a remote or get out of bed.. she does a lot.. and the names are perfect Alexa or Amazon.. but it's a great speaker loud..
Absolutely incredible ! A way better option then buying cable
I specifically got this Kindle for reading outside without glare.
I like this Kindle its small size is what I was looking for and I enjoy playing games on it!
I like the Kindle. My first one died a quick death and took all me important apps with it. No idea how to get them back.
Power ups within minutes and great instructions on how too setup. Plus comes with internet security for several months.
Easy to use! Excellent content! Set-up is simple! Give as gifts.
Reading a book, it's great. Working with PDF files, not so great. Also please be aware that Amazon Customer Service will treat you like a pariah because you purchased this Kindle from Best Buy instead of directly through their store.
Great price for the internal memory size. If you are looking for a good tablet, this is it!
Slow to use because there are constant popups. Barely dropped it 2 feet to the ground and now it doesn't work. Highly unsatisfied.
great tablet for not a lot of money. would recommend.
Great for playing music, finding out the weather forecast, etc. still learning all the options available.
I got this tablet for my 3 year old granddaughter. She enjoys it and it keeps her busy and learning. Everything rolled into one for her.
What a great device. The paperwhite is much clearer to see than on an iphone or android. Easy on the eyes
Today's technology allows hands free multitasking. I would highly recommend..
This was purchased for my daughter. She absolutely loves this tablet. It's a perfect size for her. She has not stopped using it since we gave it to her. It's an excellent product to keep her busy and entertained. The graphics are awesome. The price we paid was well worth it. We will keep shopping at Best Buy
This is the best streaming box for the money, it does favor amazon content.
Great to replace internet 5 day weather forecaster that stopped working. Nice looking display & easy to use. Price was great !
This piece of technology is amazing. It works great for me since I have it hooked up directly to an Ethernet cable. It also works great with the wifi. I've since cancelled my cable & use all the amazing apps to watch live tv.
My daughter was very happy she got for her birthday right away put it to work
So far I really am enjoying this. I can ask it to play any music and so many other things. I'm still learning. Bought it to listen to music in the garage. I'm not disappointed. Have a radio out there but it's hard to get a station in
Bought this Fire HD 7 for my son - he loves it!! I would certainly recommend it to friends and family.
I love my Fire reader! The best feature is being able to change the screen to black with white letters. This is much easier on my sensitive eyes.
I bought for my daughter to keep her busy and it works great!
Waited for the under $90 deal. Product arrived as expected and works great.
I like the size of this kindle and easy access to internet.
I never had a legitimate reason for owning a tablet. I prefer watching shows and movies on my TV and I prefer reading actual books as opposed to a tablet. However, when I learned that Best Buy was selling this Amazon tablet for $34.99 on Black Friday, I knew that I had to get my hands on one. Even with the aforementioned reasons for not getting one, I couldn't argue with that price. I think it's a great starter tablet. It may not have the largest screen or HD quality but then again I don't need all of that. The quality and size of the screen are perfect for that price. 8GB may not be a lot of memory but there is also an option to get more storage via a memory card. I very much satisfied and recommend this tablet to anybody, especially those who are curious about tablets and haven't purchased on yet.
I purchase for test because cost less than $50, work awesome, faster, easy to use and good product by the price.
Very goodWas undecided between new PaperWhite and Voyage models and doing a lot of research to see which one is best. Based on some personal analysis on in-store samples, I felt the Voyage has nothing more price worthy than what new PW could offer with lesser $$$. If you are undecided like me, don't worry about the gimmicks of voyage, go for PW..
I prefer the deficated e-readers to tablets for reading. I have both this Paoerwhite and a current-gen Nook Glow Light. I really like the Glow Light  especially its rugged construction  and I still use it, but the Paperwhite is better.The Glow Light has no bevel and a touch-sensitive button on the front. This means I am constantantly turning the page or returing to the home screen by accident. It's very annoying, and I have a hard time finding a comfortable way to hold it. It seems like I'm always thinking about where my fingers are. I do not have this problem at all on the Paperwhite.The Paperwhite is a great little reader for the money. I would definitely buy another.
I bought this Kindle 7" fire for my granddaughter. She has used my fiire HDX and was used to the format, so it is working out great for her. Still I wanted something inexpensive in case anything destructive happened I would not have much money involved. We are very happy with it.
Bought it for my 8 year old and she loves it. Very user friendly and has great parental controls/options.
Got this for my wife's birthday but the grandkids and I use it more. The grand kids use it to spell, we don't get the " how do you spell this" anymore, which is worth the price alone. This unit does so much more sound machine, alarm, timer, reminder, it even calls my wife,s phone when she looses it. Best purchase I made in a long while Love it.
This is my second paperwhite and I love it. I already recommend the paperwhite to my friends.
It is great if you are a prime member , case is durable!
We had a Netgear streaming device for years which was adequate until the remote quit functioning. After checking it out online and visiting the store I felt comfortable purchasing this device. It was easy to setup and get online. It is amazing how much faster, better and smoother our streaming has been. The built in apps are good and there were many more (free) apps that I found and installed without a problem. Some that I installed required that I have a cable TV subscription and so I had to "log in" to get them functional but not a big deal. The unit itself is not cheap in appearance nor in quality. It has a nice weight to it and feels substantially durable. The remote is great and the Android App is even better. My local Best Buy store had enough in stock and no hassles. We love our Amazon Fire TV!
It has sleep timer capability alarm I use it at work, or use it at home while I'm in the shower and I'll bring it to Friends houses and we use Alexa to gain information or just have fun. quality a 9 its loud too.
The fire box is very well made works great with amazon prime video and kodi. the only complaint i have is the remote doesn't have a on or off button,you have to buy a separate attachment for that.
Alexa is fun, she keeps getting smarter and smarter. Imagine Siri with music capabilities plus even more.
This tablet was a gift to my daughter because she's an avid reader and anime watcher. She has been nothing but excited since she opened it and there have been zero complaints.
Amazon is obviously banking on this item and the Amazon Sticks. In all fairness it is a great product with a lot to offer and a good price point. I like the Voice control feature to easily navigate through your favorite shows, movies and all. I also have a smart home and like the flexibility to control every inch of it from my TV remote too (control lights, doors, Electronics, you name it). You can also do a little programming and installed Kodi to have free movies and such, Yes I said FREE, anyways it is a great product.
This is a great value. A premium tablet at an economic price. User friendly.
I bought these as a starter online browser. It is a very portable pad . Great price.
It will be great if the screen is larger. Otherwise it is good.
Great for watching movies, videos. Playing games. Shopping on Amazon. It's small enough for travel easy to set up and the price was very affordable.
She runs the lights in the house and is full of knowledge. My man loves her because she is the only female in this house that doesnt talk back to him.
I use this e-reader primarily for library books. The amazon interface for checking out library books is cumbersome. However, the final result is great. The device works great in both sunny and dark rooms, syncs well with my Kindle app on my iPad. Battery life is very good.
It took me a long time to buy an e-reader because I just love real books. But I am happy I bought this and so far, after a few months, I've experienced none of the discoloration that other users have mentioned about previous versions. Very happy with it.
I thought it would be as big as small paper but turn out to be just like my palm. I think it is too small to read on it... not very comfortable as regular Kindle. Would definitely recommend a paperwhite instead.
Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
This product is the greatest thing.. Not only is it a speaker, but it is also a little computer at the palm of your hands. You can do so much with the Echo that we are having so much fun talking to her. There are little games you can play with her and she also has a variety of other things she can do. If you are on the fence about getting an Echo I wouldn't hesitate and run to the closest Best Buy and pick it up now. You will not regret it.
Pleased with this purchase. Good for surfing, reading, games,email. Wish I could use it in the sun to read.
I like it, my kids and my wife liked it, 1000 of programs and apps
both adults and children will be delighted with this tablet.
Consistent with all the reviews this is a great product. No downside if you are anywhere of the mindset to use this type of device. Have a IPad mini and phone with the Kindle app but this is so much better
It's very durable and Nice picture.its the perfect size for my 11 year old.
I can read it no matter how sunny it is outside. I have a kindle fire for inside and paperwhite for outside.
Had been using a normal tablet to read for quite a while, but really do prefer e-ink to an LCD screen. Very light and small so makes it easy to travel with.
It is a fun device, easy to install,The sound is good and it fits anywhere, I would recommend it to a friend!
I purchased strictly for PS VUE and can confirm it works great including 60FPS and lag-free (almost as good as PS4) guide navigation. It is drastically improved in speed over the 2nd gen fire stick ($40) which had too much navigation lag and capped at 30FPS. The Fire TV is much faster and worth the extra money as it also includes 4K and a gigabit ethernet port. It does lack VUDU and Google Play so not all apps are available and will not likely be available due to Amazon Prime proprietary service. Overall it functions great and is very FAST!
its for a gift
This is a great entry-level tablet for someones first tablet.
I bought this new paperwhite after using the regular kindle for a long time. I am amazed by the light weight and the ease of use. The battery makes a huge difference as well. Love it!!!!
I Love my new kindle! Is perfect, this model is The best
Better than I expected in performance very reposnsive
Our family has made a echo a part of our ordinary day to day life from playing music to asking questions to just playing with the thing
I bought this tablet for my son for Christmas. I chose this one because it was the most popular tablet sold. He hasn't parted with it yet.
It's endless fun, it know's how to spell words, sings happy birthday etc. Sadly I don't use it as much as I want to, other things to do etc. But it's there when I need to use it. SWEET!
I was happy with the product. I couldn't pass up on the price and also it runs very nicely.
Bought one for the kids to use while we travel, lots of good free games. Installed VLC media player from the app store and filled up the SD drive with movies. Now they are nice and quite for hours on end.Battery life is awesome!
This is a great tablet good size and very easy to use.
Like the screen,easier to read.happy that we bought it
I love my Alexa product! I ask it to play many genres of music and never cease to be amazed at the selection it plays. I also have it connected to lamps in my house and can ask it to turn them on and off.
Kindle paper white is a fantastic e-reader. It has great contrast, is easy on the eyes, and the backlight is just right for reading in darker environments.
I bought this for my 7 year old, it has endured all that a 7 year old would and could give it.
i havent had a problem since i been using it. it works great
Second Alexa in our house and we love it. Don't need a radio anymore. She plays a whole CD or will scan through all the song of one particular artists or group.
Bought it as a toy for my daughter to play games and watch videos.
Best sounding Amazon speaker hands down. The only annoyance is that it beeps after the "Alexa" wake word and after the command, unlike the other echos I have with no obvious way to turn this off. Other than that, sounds great and can take with you pretty well anywhere....
New to streaming tv, but Amazon offers many good channels and features. Easy to set up and use.
Nice tablet for the price, so far have run all my apps from Amazon, the only does require is a better camera,
Works great. Easy to set time limits and goals. Easy to set up multiple profiles. Excellent product. As advertised.
Works great!
Super fun and enjoyable. Bought them as Christmas presents
This item is amazing. It does so much and I definitely recommend it.
I love this device! It works so well and is easy on the eyes. Having on device hold all of my books and being able to get new books so easily is the best feature for someone like me who is an avid reader.
great experience using this e reader! never going back to books
Me and my husband love them ..we bought 2 for our kids and they love them so easy to use .... and the kids profile is great
Love my first tablet and I have recommend this to my Mom. She bought one too!! Not as heavy as some other models. Perfect for playing games on and watching movies. In love...
It takes practice and getting familiar with it. It is fun.
This device has made me wonder why I didn't cut the cord years ago.
I( read the reviews and even listened to this in store. But much to my chagrin, at high volume, this will not cut it. The portability is great!
We purchased this for mu husbands mother and she seems to really be enjoying it and it seems user friendly for her
It is great to be able to have all you books in the same place...
I had wanted one of these, the price was right so I bought 2 one for me and one for a gift for someone else. I really enjoy it.
Perfect for what my 8 year old uses this for. Watching programs and playing learning games.
I have no complaints what so ever. Great Item. recommended
we got it in a deal of the day and gifted to my friend. HE is happy about this product
Great I like the size easy to take anywhere some times smaller is better
Got this tablet for my 3 year old daughter, and subscribed to free time to download all her favorites plus some new apps. The only issue is that some things take a while to install or load and sometimes freezes. Although I think that may be due more to my WiFi and the fact that I have a ton of devices on my network. I only wish that it was 4G or LTE instead of WiFI.
My whole family loves it! We love listening to music. Alexa eill search for so many things on the net :-). We even programmed the cofee machine to turn on qith Alexa!! The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because I wish it also spoke Spanish.
This is my 2 nd kindle. I bought this because of the lighting option. It is great product, but I think little bit over priced. It runs perfectly for my need.
This is a great smart device for listening to music, news or just finding fun facts. There's so much that Alexa does to make life easier. It takes some time to get all of your presences set up but it's worth the effort. We are so impressed with what Alexa can do that we decided to get some of the security tools to pair with it.
This tablet has many educational games for a preschooler.
Easy to connect and use!Greats apps Great product Get it!
I love it .......................................
Bought this for my husband and it's wonderful!!!!!
It works fine.
Works great! We love it! I would recommend fire TV to anyone.
Having all that information at my fingertips is so handy. We were always looking up info on our phones, now we just ask Alexa. Tying it into the home makes life so much easier. I don't have to get out of bed because I left the lights on in the other room or adjusting the temp. in the middle of the night.
I purchased this for my wife who had been reading e books on her Samsung tablet with the Kindle app. She reads 2-4 hours each day and had been having headaches and realized it was from the glare. I purchased the Kindle Paperwhite 3 and she absolutely love it. It's light, turns pages on a touch and the back lighting is adjustable. So far I have no complaints
Very convenient and far from costly. It brings sufficient compatibility, and then some. In other words, I'm completely satisfied.
Great for music in the house and helps with the grocery list.
I wanted a kindle that I could use to view movies on when traveling, and this item was the perfect choice. It's my go-to device!
This device does a great job of streaming from all of your accounts.
started with the early Kindle years ago and upgraded to the Paperwhite. My wife and I each have one and they go everywhere with us.
If you are already an active Amazon prime member, kindle book buyer, etc. this is a no-brainer buy if you need an inexpensive tablet. High quality materials are used with a great deal of functionality at a very reasonable price point.
This has been a great purchase. It fits all my tablet and e-reader needs.
I purchased this for my youngest grandson, age 4 for christmas and he will be receiving it shortly. Games have been downloaded and it will be charged and ready to use when he opens his gift.
I read the reviews, before I purchased this item and.... So far, so GOOD! The handy-dandy case that I found on sale for 9.99, at the same time works well too.
This is third Kindle product and the size, battery life and readability have improved with each new generation. Very happy with product and will continue to purchase in the future as new versions become available.
Bought this Kindle for my teenage daughter and she absolutely loves it! She is able to read outside in the sunshine and at night in the dark. Very easy to navigate.
Easy hook up. I keep it in the family area, the grandkids ask Alexa questions and play songs. Fun for everyone.
Wonderful addition to the house. Fun to explore the uses.
Excellent for my loving kids and more easily to use by them.
great for finding local info while traveling. Useful for weather and morning news brief.
It was what I wanted for my bday... But now the wholee house wants it too!
I bought this to replace a much earlier version. This is so much more readable I'm sorry I waited for my other to crash before I upgraded.
The Fire TV itself is great for streaming various media over our wireless network to our TV in our sun room. At first we thought we'd have to get an extender but we got lucky and everything runs pretty smoothly. The applications are fast and responsive and the menus are easy enough to navigate for the young one in the house. The only thing we aren't happy with is that the remote chews through batteries pretty quickly. I have a Logitech Harmony remote that has a LCD screen on it and it doesn't go through batteries as fast the Fire TV remote. We now remove the batteries whenever the remote is not in operation. An annoyance but not a deal breaker.
I was concerned that I was wasting my money because I already have an iPad. I was WRONG! I LOVE IT!
Bought this for my husband to use for the internet instead of his smartphone. It is simple to use.
Overall dynamite product, it gives you instant access to a variety of shows.
I love it! I gave it as a gift to my grandchildren, and they love it! We communicate through messages.
This is the coolest! Love it as do my young kids. We are adding skills every day and continue to add devices such as the nest thermo and the lifx bulbs
Works great! Love how I can use this with my alarm system. We love Alexa
Bought this tablet for my mom who has never owned one before. Honestly for only 50 bucks this thing is pretty good. It can have a bit of lag from time to time but otherwise very nice. My wife had a first gen kindle fire when they came out. It cool to see how much this Amazon has matured their OS.
Purchased for my 83 years young husband who is an avid reader. Getting his books instantly was worth his fear of going to a kindle. He's surprised at the ease of use.
Like how I was able to buy a version with more memory. Love this works great.
Bought this as a gift for my niece but I use it every now and then. She loves it, gives her ebook, music, videos, games etc... All in one through Amazon without having to get any external apps, most already built in. I like it as well except not so much the platform and navigating around it.
She's fantastic! Love that we can get the weather, play music and play jeopardy!
Love it with the remote. Smooth interface too. Huge plus if you have Amazon prime
This is the essential tablet for reading an extensive library of books on the Amazon store.
We bought the tablet for work, but the only app we needed (free) never would download. After many tries and several hours, we gave up and took it back to the store.
I bought one for both my kids and they love it. We are very happy with the purchase.
very durable and easy to work with. I love its functionality and my kid loves having his own tablet. good stuff
This is the e-reader you want to get if you want to avoid distractions such as any other apps being installed. Just get your books, and go find a tree somewhere.
Gave this to my daughter for Christmas. She loves it. Uses it every day. Good buy!
I own a first generation Kindle Fire, as well as a second generation. I purchased these for my two grandchildren and one for a student in my classroom. These are much better than my Kindle Fires. Good cameras that are not on the original, and they have much better picture quality. The ads are not obtrusive. Definitely recommend this product.
I wanted them to have a tablet and after reading the reviews and price of the Amazon Fire; I was very pleased.
Fine for children, but a bit difficult to handle with the apps
I was very interested in the Echo and respective echo dot based on potential functionality. While there are some good qualities, the overall voice automation and functionality haven't lived up to the hype yet. Pros: sound quality for music is fantastic, kids enjoy asking Alexa questions, overall family fun. Cons: even after a full month of learning my voice, Alexa continues to frequently answer "I don't know what you are asking", at random times, Alexa will start talking without any prompt, setting up additional controllable items and syncing are not as easy as Amazon would have you believe, and worst experience....every time an amazon echo commercial comes on tv to promote the product, my Alexa replies to the TV commercial as if it were me saying "Alexa...."
I love Alexa. She keeps a shopping list for me, schedules appointments plus plays my favorite tunes! And so easy to work with. A must in every home.
This was a great gift for my son. He wanted a reader for e-books and was delighted to have a tablet to search the web, do e-mails, etc
Really enjoy this product. Love watching movies and playing games on my Fire HD 8
Bought this for one of my granddaughters for her birthday (10 yr old) and she absolutely loves it. It has 'parental controls' which is important for her mom to keep her out of where she doesn't need to be, etc. For $50, I think it's a great buy, especially for a young child. I'm happy with the purchase.
Upon using a few other android devices, I settled on this. The software is perfect, snappy, and overall awesome. Very easy to set up, just sign into your Amazon account. Much much faster than the fire stick itself. That is how you can justify the cost. If you are looking for an android style device look no further than this!
I am able to watch anything I want with the fire stick and it is so easy to use... I love it!
This is great for kids, my 3yr old uses and it has fallen and the cover really protects it. The kids section is filled with lots of apps
Love the echo! Great voice recognition and very helpful for my every day life!
Very easy to use and can be read in direct sunlight
Gave this to my sister-in-law for Mother's Day. Its a great entry level tablet. She loves using it, especially for games.
My son seems more than happy with his B'day gift!! He loves it!!
Bought this tablet a month or so ago and waited to see see how I'd like it. My husband has owned a Zoom and I've owned 2-8 inch Samsungs...this by far is my favorite. (we bought one for him the same time and he loves his too). I use it for email, games, social media, internet and some accounting. I love it. It's fast, reliable, easy to use, easy to see. It seems durable but for extra protection, I bought a shock case with a flip stand on the back so it can be protected and more versatile. My only wish would be that its battery lasted longer for my constant use...but I suppose everyone needs a break every few (2-4) hours. It does charge back up pretty fast.I think its a great tablet!
Tablet is very good. I have a lot of apps and pretty much do my homework there
I purchased it for my nieceShe loves it and allows her to stream programs and play many games
I purchased this since my smart TV could not connect to WiFi anymore. Overall it works well. Was a little expensive, but the fire TV sticks were all sold out.
Easy to order items from Amazon right from your tablet
My wife and I have been trying to decide between the Paperwhite and the new Nook for a while. After checking each out, the Paperwhite was definitely a clear winner. Amazon support + unique features = a newfound interest in reading!
Wish Alexa was smarter but this is a good touch to anyone's home entertainment system.
Excellent screen. Very easy to read. Easy to navigate. Love it.
Great for games and information on daily events and weather
Great device to stream movies or TV shows either wireless or connected with ethernet connection
Purchased for my 5 year old son and he loves it to
My kids have owned the kindle fire for over 4 years. It was time for them to be more focused on reading and this is one of the best dreaded out there. Kids love the device and they can quickly borrow books from the city library.
Excellent sound and great value. Used every day by entire family.
Too slow for games and videos i bought it for my youngest son so they wouldnt fight for the ipad but they still do
This ereader is honestly the best that I could have bought for my first one. Now, I don't actually read often but wanted to buy something to help me read what I do have within my kindle account. I was stuck between getting this and the original kindle. Thankfully, I got this. Mostly because of the textured screen and backlighting. The backlight is what did it for me. I read reviews about the original kindle being hard to read in the dark, and that's when I would be reading the most. If I had seen how hard it really as to read, it would have gone back immediately.The weight is a little heavy for constant reading but nothing to really complain about. The battery life could supposedly last 8 weeks. But, apparently I am a bookworm. I have to charge it every other day with max settings.One thing I am thrilled the most about is the easy of accessing a dictionary or encyclopedia, the notes, and the highlighting. It tells you when others have highlighted other sections of a book I am reading as well. Im not sure if this is in general a feature of the kindle products, but it is extremely useful.Overall , I think this is a great ereader for beginners and bookworms.
Easy to setup and use. Even without peripherals the syste interaction was beneficial
The fire stick is the holy grail of entertainment. Easy to set up and easy to use. The apps are user friendly and easy to navigate.
I purchased this mainly for streaming tv since we canceled our cable. Works great and has a excellent selection of apps.
I love how echo responds so quickly. Her speaker are remarkable and clear sounding, no static .
Both my 2 year old and my 4 year old love this tablet!
I love the Amaxom fire tv! We watched so many movies and shows during our snow day! I highly recommend this product!
This is my second Echo that I use mostly as a Bluetooth speaker for a PC.Great sound quality for the price.
I really enjoy this new kindle much brighter and easier to read
Can't really tell you much as I gave it as a gift but it has been well received.
For the price, these are perfect for young or old. Compared to other brands these are comparable if not better!!!
Pros: a lot of things for kids to do from apps to watching movie and playing games. Cons: like most androids it tends to freeze.
It's so much fun to use, and helpful. Plays music, reports weather/traffic, even reads Wikipedia articles. Great item.
I love Amazon tablets. You got the best of Amazon and android apps in one device. And, for $50, you can't beat the value! I highly recommend purchasing this tablet.
Decided to ditch cable and after my research decided to buy 2 of these. Installed PSVue on it for cable channels and don't have to pay equipment fees to the cable company anymore.
I like it because we move it around the house &I to the garage and pool area.
I personally love this because i can bring it every where i go and sing and its fun
Cord cutter here. We had been wanting to dump cable for some time but were scared to leave our comfort zone. Since we are Prime members, we finally decided to give Amazon Fire TV a shot. We've been using Fire TV for two weeks now and we'll never go back to cable!PROS:Ridiculously easy to set up and small form factor which takes up very little space.Simple remote (and a free app so you can turn your cell or tablet into a remote).No buffering issues have yet come up (although that may be because I have a very strong internet connection).Seamless interaction with our Prime Video account and Amazon Music, across all devices. For example, if I download a movie from Prime on my tablet, watch some of it during my commute - when I get home and turn on Fire TV, I can pick up right where I left off from my tablet...seamlessly without having to manually sync.Comes with thousands of channels/apps loaded including all of the the major services we use.Can be used for games (we haven't tried any games yet)The voice command feature is outstanding. Speak the name of a show or movie and be taken instantly to it, with multiple options for buying, renting or just viewing for free if available. I've never been a big voice command user with other devices but this one works so well that using it has already become a habit.Using the Amazon Photos app you can instantly upload all of your digital photos from your phone or tablet to your Fire TV for large screen viewing of your photos.CONS: No way to customize the home screen layout (at least no way that I've been able to figure out).OVERALL: I'm kicking myself for not doing this sooner.Read more
i am so in love with this item. it does exactly what it is supposed to do.
Did not care for this product. Had difficulty downloading some Aps.
Love Alexia, answers questions and plays music that I don't have to pay for
I'm so far loving this e-reader. Haven't used it outside yet, but the lighting seems really good. I'm taking it on vacation next week, it will be my lifesaver for long flights and waits. (I only wish it had a headphone jack and audio option)
Could not say more great things about this product!!! Do yourself a favor and get this! It's so fast and while it has the same functionality as the Firesticks which I also own, you can hook this up directly to your internet router which makes streaming extremely fast!!! Make sure you watch plenty of YouTube videos and anyone can figure out how to get the MOST ;) out of all of the services Fire TV, the World Wide Web, and KODI (YouTube this) has to offer!!!!
Upgraded from a6" inch Fire HD. For 89.00 I don't think you can find a better tablet value. Resolution is very sharp, audio is good, and it is a good size.
I am loving all the things Alexa can do. I am not a techie and it was easy to get up and going.
The echo is great. Besides information,it will handle smart lights. It's learning new things all the time.
Use this on flights to watch movies and pass the time!
This is a fun and convenient toy, but I'm surprised about some of the limitations. I keep hearing the same NPR news clip when I ask for news or headline news. I would like more news highlights. When I ask for 80s music, Echo starts with the same 1 of 3 songs each time.
I purchased one for myself, then went back bought one for my niece. Then thought how much I love the ease and function of the Kindle got my sister one. I can't say how much I use my Kindle my niece and sister agree best gift I every gave them.
Screen quality and size is good. Lightweight and good battery life.
It's much faster than the older model. Has an option for more memory add on.
This is a well built great sounding unit that gets better the more you use it.
my daughter enjoys her tablet reading the books for school & screen size is prefect
Echo is great for playing music. You can stream most songs with a Prime membership. I want to set up lists and calendar and even control lights, etc. I just need some time to figure out how I would actually use those features.
Amazon Alexa is user friendly and easy to hook up.
Great first computer for kids. Durable and easy to manipulate. Lots of fun and educational games for the kids.
We bought this for our 2 yr old granddaughter and she loves it! It has so many apps and videos for her to watch. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a tablet for a child.
Perfect for my kiddos. Great value and easy to use and set parental controls on
My kids had an RCA tablet before and this is definitely an upgrade! Overall quality is better!
This is the 3rd echo I now own along w one dot! Have one to my oldest for her dorm and she was really excited. The dot is used w my larger stereo so nonneed for the speaker and extra cost. I did however buy it on sale for $90 on Best Buy and amazon prime day. Amazing deal. Very loud speaker on the echo. Only con is it sometimes is so loud Alexa can't hear your voice to control it. Works with my nest thermostat and eventually with some colored lighting I plan to put in.
I'm very happy with my Kindle Fire. Beyond being able to read books, it does all sorts of things and is able to download a huge variety of apps. It also holds a charge very long. The size is perfect and portable, yet the screen is much larger than a smartphone, which I love. I would definitely recommend this tablet to others!
The best of the streaming boxes. I have used all of the major brands and like the Fire TV the best.
This is a great product, the cost is incredible and proves other manufacturers prices are inflated.
Great! I would definately buy again! I use this often.
Price is affordable but Display pix is very less compared other products in the market for the same price.
I love it. IT is programmable and easy to use. The voice command is very nice.
This is one of the most amazing products. We have several of these throughout our house - Kitchen, Living room, our master bathroom, bedrooms, etc. We use it all the time to play music from XM, Pandora, Amazon music, etc. We play specific songs on demand. We get news and sports updates. We get info from Wikipedia! We play games - Jeopardy! We order Pizza from Dominoes! Check my commute time! Make a grocery list a To-do list! Use it as a timer! Use it as an intercom in the house with other Echos. How did we ever live without it! I highly recommend! The voice recognition is great! Way better than Apple Siri! You should buy one - you'll love it!
Got this for my 10 year old son. Great for reading books and playing games. Can't beat the price.
The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
The tablet is as you would expect at the price point, nothing too exciting in terms of the tech. But, add a Prime membership and this device really excels at giving you access to all the Prime perks and adds another voice control point for Alexa.
This is our first tablet, we were looking for a tablet to get us started and this is nice and inexpensive way to get started. We will use this for a while to get used to the whole app thing.
We already had an Alexa but this one is a great addition. It's portable, rechargeable and good sound.
The Version with the light is the way to go. A case is a must the screen can easily be scratched. over works as intended
I could have done without it. You need to install a whole bunch of apps to have a competent Alexa. I guess Echo would work better with a Smarthome. Sometimes it has a hard time with my accent.
I previously had a Kindle Fire, which I liked, but this is much easier on the eyes for reading, and the battery lasts for days instead of hours. It's great.
really good charger
Great product works direct with internet access or through your phone
I love the Echo! Great sound quality. So easy to use. Just amazing technology!
I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
This item works great and fitst anywhere. I have no complaints...
I love this kindle! It's a life saver when I'm bored at the doctors office!
the performance is so much faster than my old one and the graphics are much better too.
The Fire Stick and TV is awesome. Fire TV is a lot faster and it has the option of ether net. I love it.
I love my Kindle. If you're a bookaholic like me, there is no cheaper way to read. Once you've made your initial investment, there are literally hundreds of books available for free, or 99 cents and other low prices. Subscribe to a service that notifies you of these deals and you're all set.
This tablet looks and feels nice. Good battery life, and great images. Good value for the money.
Purchased for my granddaughter and it was a great investment.
This great product is a combination of Siri and radio. It's a hand free device where you can ask anything and play your favorite music station anywhere in the house.
I originally purchased the Paper White and after a week of that, I decided to upgrade to the Voyage for a couple reasons. 1) Perhaps my phone has made me lazy but I've grown accustomed to auto-brightness. It's something that I don't even really think of at all... until you have to manually adjust it. The Voyage is currently the only Kindle that automatically adjusts the brightness of the screen. I've read reviews that question the efficacy of it, and those people tend to say it's hit or miss. I humbly submit that that is because it's a 'smart' auto-brightness that adjusts to your preferences at certain light levels. For instance if you're in a dimly lit room and the screen is too bright for you there, and you manually turn it down a few notches the next time you're in that room, the Kindle will remember what your screen brightness preference was at that light level and adjust. I have had NO problems with this feature and consider it the most indispensable feature on the Kindle. It's brilliant.2) Page turn haptic buttons. These are great, and allow me to not need to move my hand at all to turn a page, I simply squeeze. I do wish they had been placed slightly higher on the device as I find I've needed to adjust my grip lower than I normally would have held on to the device. It's very nice having the option to not need to swipe the page to turn it.3) The flush screen. This makes a big difference to me - I was not a fan of the recessed screen on the Paper White and even the Nook has a flush screen! Amazon really needs to introduce waterproof Kindles and a flush screen is going to be necessary for that. This is also my only negative about the device - the screen appears to be slightly more reflective than the Paper White and I've heard (wether it's true or not) that is because the Voyage has a glass screen, while the Paper White has plastic? I'm not sure, but the ONLY time I notice this is when I'm reading the the sun is directly behind me. I may need to tilt the screen 5 degrees in any direction and it's easily readable again.4) The general design is sleeker and feels better in my hand than the Paper White. This also allows the device to be slightly lighter than the Paper White, which is always a good thing.To recap - This is the ONLY Kindle to feature the auto-brightness feature (not even the Oasis has it--probably to save on weight) and in my opinion a worthy upgrade over the Paper White.
Didn't work well in 4K at all. After going in 4K mode and returning back to the menu screen, the Fire Tv would show a black screen and had to be unplugged to start back up. The menu screen isn't in 4K like it is in the Shield Tv which a better item by miles. 4K uses all of the resources of the Fire Tv and other apps have to be closed for it to play 4K videos or it runs into problems such as black screen.
I Love It Works Great.Tried To Purchase This Kindle Fire At Christmas Time It Was Sold Out. But I Keep Going Back To Best Buy And Finally They Were In Stock So I Bought One And Now I'm Happy......
Good product the only 2 drawbacks that I find are 1. Could have been more interactive with a continuous conversation. 2. Music should work without Amazon Music.
It's a really great tablet for Ebook exploring great
Fun to use for recipes, conversions while cooking, weather and more fun for the whole family
I observe my 4 year old granddaughter using this tablet with ease. She is able to play some of the games and upload movies. Her mom had to put a secret password for the movies because she downloaded some that you had to pay for!
I upgraded from a Nook Glowlight which I had dropped and cracked (the shaft of light emanating through the tiny crack was beginning to burn into my retina, so I figured it was time to upgrade). I really like the ease of this device - purchases download to it directly, and if you have existing files, you can email them directly to the kindle and it will format them accordingly. The definition on the paperwhite is really nice, and the backlight is gentle on your eyes (crucial if you are a late night reader like me). I have the "special offers" version, and it is not intrusive at all, just appears on your lock screen. Battery has been great so far.If you are an Amazon Prime member, they even throw you a free ebook each month. And yes, I bought a protective cover for it this time!
Bought 2 for each of our teenagers and they just love it... Very cool reading features and zero buffering while watching Netflix.
I own several tablets, and in my opinion, the Amazon Fire tablets most closely mimic the traditional desktop computer experience. They are perfect for those with limited computer proficiency. They are also much more user friendly than the iPad devices - and a lot less expensive too!
Very easy for a child to useI bought this for my child. He's had no trouble navigating in learning the different tools to use to navigate through it.
For the money best Bang for your buck....Really great if you subscribe to amazon prime.
Nifty gadget, useful and easy to carry around. Just enough performance and features needed for a tablet for its price range. I would recommend this item for those who wanting to try a tablet.
Just get it already! So much reviews on this thing already I won't add anything to it other than it.......
This worked well as an extension of the Amazon Echo to cover our basement living area.
We treat echo as our own family member. Echo gets intelligent as we keep on talking to her. Sometimes we move her in the house to be with us. I was sceptical at first to buy one. Now I realize echo is imperative.
Great Streaming tool, I own this and the the firestick. Have been able to cut the cord finally
Good little tablet for media. Lack of built in Google apps is annoying but can be bypassed without rooting.
After setting up the Amazon Fire it froze on me and I had to return it !
My granddaughter loves this. She was using my old smart phone to get online, but then I got this and she loves the bigger screen and it is easy to use for a six year old.
If you want to stream video and use Kodi. This is the one to get. I bought this especially for the fact I could hard wire it to my router. No video pausing, skipping etc. Works great.
everything was as I expected.... and order it online and pick it up next day... easy to do...
This is an awesome tablet. Very easy to access and read books as well as to add apps
We purchased Amazon Fire kids edition tablet to occupy our almost 2 year old for a 10 hour drive to Florida. Works great and I love that there are apps that we can download from home and still access even without a wifi connection.
After reading many reviews on the other competitor products and even purchased another one that was much more expensive and complicated to install and operate, we decided on this one and could not be happier. Easy to install, operate, and has many features that we use daily. A big plus if you are an Amazon Prime member. Although the family uses this mostly for tv and movies, I use it mostly for listening to music. It is fast and we now have the unit on two tv's. We also gave one for Xmas.
Great overall! Pay the money to upgrade over the stick!much faster!
little more complicated than i thought ,had to buy a harmony remote for tv to do what i wanted it to do.commands must be very specific
Amazon Echo (aka Alexa) might be the best AI standalone device on the market (yes I know google Home is available now) because she connects to over 50% of my apps (as she has Hundreds of apps connected)...google Home is cool but Alexa is the OG lol
my wife bought this product for my office. I love to play songs and get the weather.
Whether if you have cable or not (we don't)- this is an amazing device to have. Many movies to choose from.
Great interface, 4K and below output. It is well worth the money! Has a multitude of well made apps, and is a well designed unit. Easily upgrade able via a micro SD card!
Amazing product! Works very well with Spotify and is very knowledgeable about everything. 5 stars
Very user friendly and straight forward instructions great for all ages
bought for my grand daughter and she loves it. She likes to read and this is great for that
New model Paperwhite purchased on first day of release. It is as advertised. Lightweight, easy to read in bright light, adjustable brightness, text size and style and connects to my Kindle library with available wifi.But that's all. No access to any program or games except to buy another book.
Bought for my grandson for Christmas. He loves it so much.
Purchased this for my Mom who had never had a tablet/smartphone, etc. She was able to figure it out quickly and the price was right. Works great for her.
It is my third kindle. The reading experience with kindle is always good.
This is an excellent product at an excellent price
Tablet was college student. Replace a bulky laptop. Good for taking notes, reading text books and regular books. Loud alarm to wake college student for early classes. All a round got tool for school.
Quite an amazing piece of technology. Within the months we have had this item it has continued to better itself with knowledge and understanding of different questions. Very convenient for listening to music. The sound quality is better than any Bluetooth speaker I have ever owned. Highly recommend it!
Excellent sound and fun. Very portable and easy to carry in backpack. All the features of Echo and Echo Dot but you must "Tap" the button before speaking.
He loves to read so he will enjoy sitting down with it
Got this for my mother in law as a christmas gift she loves it
I was looking for a cheap tablet and i just love it is like having a a $200 tablet it works the same.
Ok reader battery power not what advertized. Not able to upgrade
Nice tablet. Great gift item. Gives me flexibility in being able to check email and play games anywhere in the house. My only wish is that the screen were a little larger.
Awesome only ga e four stars because in order to allow a child to use it you have to set a password/pin. And ecah time that child goes to use it they would need to enter it. Which would have been too much for the 5 yr old that I bought it for as a Christmas gift.
You get wath you paid not comparable to a apple tablet never
Able to read book and use apps like Netflix. Feels slow when you are used to using an ipad, but obviously there is a big price difference.
It's definitely a must have. I like to read books also browse social media and the web. Must have
serves its purpose
Nice to have for the price I bought it for. Does what I need it to do just not very fast.
I bought the Amazon Tap when it was on sale. I already had the Amazon Echo and the Dot. The Tap was a pleasant surprise. Speakers aren't as strong as the original Echo, but the sound quality of voice and music is more than acceptable. TheTap will do virtually anything that the more Expensive Echo can do  including hands-free voice commands. Plus, it's portable and has a wireless charger base, so that it stays charged. It is easy to set up if you follow the instructions carefully. It pairs with your home wifi network, and can also act as a bluetooth speaker when paired with your phone or other audio source.
Using it for my 5 years daughter. She is handling very easily without much supervision
it works that what counts
Great price for a great tablet. Perfect for the kids!
Actually brought it for a friend but I kind of use more than they do. Excellent product
Worked wonderful and fast the first couple of weeks and then just stopped working. I understand that sometimes things are just a defective piece so I logged into Amazon and attempted to exchange it,, but found out the window for exchanging it had closed. I would have attempted to return it sooner but I was out of state for several weeks visiting and helping my daughter who had just given birth to triplets, and so I'd decided I would just wait till I returned home to do it. By the time I got around to it, it was too late. So I totally wasted my money. If Amazon corrects this matter and send me a replacement, I will update my review.
The features that I found on the Fire tablet far exceeded my expectations. Well worth the purchase price.
My Mistake to buy for 1yr old.But my 30yr old son enjoys it!
I have had the Firestick and recently upgraded to the Fire TV. Wow what an improvement over the Firestick. Well worth the slight up charge for the improved performance.
I bought 2 of these tables for the daycare center and they are just great to work with and the children love them.
Quick and easy to operate also outputs 4K which is great for my Vizio 4k
I enjoy my new toy, but haven't fully configured it. I am annoyed when I request the Eagles, Alexa says shuffling songs by Eagles, then proceeds to play one of a few playlists. Amazon's arrogant about how smart their users are. It was obviously just a preselected playlist. This happens with several artists.It is deceptive and below the standards I expect for such a nice piece of hardware!
Comments on Kindle Paperwhite1) Basic functioning of page forward & back - excellent2) Footnote action often led to loosing place. It was easy to accidentally press a footnote when doing normal forward or back. Pressing the top right “x” sometimes returned to text, but often was dead - requiring selecting “Go To Footnotes”. Picking the correct < footnote returned to correct position - but too easy to accidentally press a different footnote - send me off to wrong text position. While doing things right raises no problems - it is to easy to get in trouble. Enabling the “x” at all times would be safer.3) Occasionally a small print message such as “91 highlighters” would appear between the lines. Supposed to show where other kindle users highlighted text. Does not highlight any text.
Easy to use and long battery life. The size of font is easy to adjust but I wish graphics and pictures can be enlarged as well.
I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.
I haven't used it a lot yet, but the few times I did, it works great. It was easy to set up. Looking forward to be able to bring this with us on trips.
The Kindle Fire has been my granddaughter favorite
I've purchased several kindles over the years & this is the only one that has given me issues. Purchased this one & exchanged it. I Eventually exchanged the exchange for the same reason. The first two kindles didn't want to turn on & would freeze. So far this one hasn't had any issues what so ever & does everything my mother needs it for (downloading thousands of books & watching videos non-stop)Docked a star due to complications with the first two. If I have to visit a store within the first month of a purchase twice, that is an issue.
This is a great little tablet for the younger generation.
I bought three of these tablets for my grandkids for Christmas. My wife had 0ne and she rally loved it.
Bought this for my Mom who is legally blind and she loves it!
Very easy and fun to use. I have it controlling all my lights in my home
As strictly an ebook, probably can't be beat. The internal illumination really is critical for all-around use.
Nice tab for young kids getting use to using Tabs. Fully functional and fairly easy to use.
I bought these tablets for my niece and nephew who are only 2 and 3 and they love it. My niece who's only 3 has shown my mother a few things. Great products
This is the best Fire they have come out with so far.
It works good for kids and wherever you need for and good size
Awesome product and works pretty much as expected especially with my amazon echo and google home
I spent more time trying get it functioning than I did actually keeping this product. After a couple of days and never getting it to understand or follow my commands I returned it to BB. Also it kept trying to sell me products which I really didn’t appreciate.
Everything he needs but nothing more. The case looked a little flimsy but it has been great so far.
I am very happy with this purchase. The price and quality of the product is very good.
I bought this for my sister last year and I had to buy for myself this year
Keyboard isn't as good as the original Fire HD that we've had for about 4 years. Also the email program is not as good as it doesn't allow for moving multiple emails at the same time. Other than that, this is an easy to use tablet for a very low price.
Great little box that does cut the cable streaming. Almost all of those services are on the box and seem to work fine on it.
really good value for the price. Easy access to internet and operation.
Very good tablet and it works very well. Easy to use.
This edition does not have backlighting which is a big deal!!! If you like reading in bed or indoors without needing to use external lighting, you should not get this version! Get one of the newer editions! If you only read in well lit areas, then go for this one! Kindle is fantastic and I love my white lightweight long lasting kindle with the option to use background light.
No buffering, no lag, and does not freeze. Better than the FireTV stick or Roku.
Amazon Fire HD8 is one of the best deal at 89$. Strong, efficient, low price and some Amazon features that I love. Youtube videos of how to get googleplay and android apps have made things lot more easier. And now, microsoft office is available online for free that I can access and edit my documents. What else do I need? Amazon is more respectable brand name than other low price brands or used/old models of high price brands. Definitely recommend it.
Good price, easy to work and the Grandkids loved .
I was using Chromecast but this is a far better delivery system as far as picture quality and reliability. Also more choices of programming, of course.
For the price it is a great tablet. Not as good as an android but still good
My old kindle died after almost ten years. Upgraded to this new model. I like the upgraded features and it is still easy to use. It's the best on the market if you just need a reader.
This item is the worst ever a d the tech support is even worst. Spent hour troubleshooting and their solution was to return it to Bestbuy a d get anotherone. So i did. And guess what? It didn't work ether. Basically the Netflix app can't be downloaded becuse the Amazon Fire tv won't let you and to make it worst if you're a fan of HBO brace yourself becuase the app isn't even available on their app store. HBO simply doesn't exist. I spent in total 4 days troubleshooting with the Amazon team actually managing the Fire TV remotely from their offices and the answer was that ether the equipment is defective or that they don't have Netflix or HBO available for it. REALLY ITS FREAKING ADVERTISED ON THE BOX. DONT WAIST YOUR MONEY. better get an apple tv or a roku
Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...
Very cool. NOTE: much cooler if you have amazon prime because you can stream music free. great gift
Was looking for a low-priced tablet to access my Kindle and magazine apps - specifically The Economist. What I didn't realize was that this was the ad-version of the Kindle, so removing ads on it would not be possible w/o fee - and worse, there's some limitation around some apps and everything located in the Google Play store, so apps like The Economist were not available. Sooooo... returned.
I have a 1st generation and 2 of the second generation FireTV devices. I've been very happy with them. What I didn't expect was my Samsung remote to work with the Amazon unit since the Amazon remote is not an IR remote, but the Samsung remote works great. Very happy with the responsiveness of the FireTV unit. Menus seem very intuitive.
Works very well as a cheap youtube tablet. Would recommend.
Ordered dec 9th and got my order AFTER CHRISTMAS and it was supposed to be delivered on dec 17th
Do you spend lots of time on Amazon? Do you like listening to music anywhere in your home? This is the device for you. Even after a month of having the Tap, I'm still learning what all I can do with it verbally. Play genre of music in the HUGE Amazon library. I even have ordered items directly from it. One last feature I want to share is that it provides accurate weather information; current and forecast up to a week.
Bought as gift. Excellent purchase. Would buy more
Can't beat the Fire tb at $50. Was able to root it in about 5min to get google apps installed and use it like an android tab. I mainly bought for reading to use the blue shade feature which is great. Only complaint is the processor is little lacking compared to phones with the same specs
The tablet is nice, it is good for the price, lot of apps available and easy to use
Very good for what I wanted it for. Great speaker.
Good price for a tablet. I was really impress with all that it could do.
I bought it for my husband as a birthday gift. It's perfect for his movies.
Watch it over & over again!!! Blu ray is the best!
Best tablet on the market for the price without a doubt
Wonderful products and works for exactly what I need it to work for
i did not need this
Its a great reader. I use it at night instead of my phone and its much easier on the eyes. And the battery seems to last forever.
My 81 yo mothers loves to be able to adjust lighting levels with voice commands through integration with Philips Hue devices, and my 84 yo dad laughs every time Alexa does as she is told and says "OK"
Go ahead and spend the extra for the FireTV. Worth every penny spent.
This is the best kindle available. I recommend to al my friends.
It is perfect for kids. My youngest son can use it
Great for the money spent. Yeah sure you can spend a lot more for it tablet.
Bought it for our 2 year old son, has really helped with his vocabulary
I use the device to watch movie and my son watch YouTube on for his alphabet
I Luke it a lot and good to for it for and good to
Great product, So useful around the house especially with being able to turn on the lights using alexa
I uses these for Kodi and they never let me down. Hate seeing people pay more for items that don't need it. If you interested in difference between fire tv and fire stick the TV is boat loads faster than the stick. I started with 2 sticks and now have 2 TV's
This device is great to stream a variety of content. It does not buffer like the stick since it plugs into the Ethernet on the router. I would recommend for your "streaming" needs.
Hope to use it a lot in the future. I like all the apps and music. Hard to connect with other household devices
The device works great as longer you have a decent Wi Fi, very handy and useful.
The best media player, very easy to work with. Love the 4k display
This was to replace an older fire tablet that was worn out.It was the right size for my wife to carry around,also it was much lower price than the original.
Enjoy this product. Easy to set up. Has great sound
Interesting concept to have Alexa playing music for me, ordering supplies for me, catching me up on the weather, etc. One issue experienced with Alexa at this point is the inability to access the kind of music I want at the time. However, we are working on it!
I bought this tablet for my son. It was reasonably priced and he loves it. Easy to carry around. He loves reading books on it
We use it every day family loves it. Will likely purchase some extra dots for around the house. Integration is good even with minimal home setup that we have
The picture quality is very close to the Roku ultra.I love the alexa,but it is a little bit of a gimmick
Bought for my granddaughter.. She love it..got a great warrant also
Having a backlight makes this the better choice. Plus the lighting is adjustable for brightness.
All the best that the last Fire Tv was but now it's 4K ready and you have Alexa to help guide and open apps. My mom loved her gift.
Very pleased with this product. I am now thinking about cutting the cable company out!
Love Alexa. Dependent upon good wifi. When it works it is a great item.
The Fire TV gives me everything I need from a media content perspective to watch shows and movies with several streaming media companies. Netflix, You Tube, etc. User interface is very easy. Going to be giving these as gifts for the family.
I would recommend this tablet for an older child. Maybe 7 and up.
While I haven't even begun to use all of the functions of the Echo, it has already shown that it is worth the price paid. It is entertaining, convenient, and just plain functional. The quality of the sound is fantastic, and yes, like other reviewers have said, it would be nice if it could be used in conjunction with a subwoofer. Even so, we are satisfied.
I love my Kindle! It's perfect for reading my favorite books!
I purchased the Fire tv box and it just stopped working one day. Wont boot, just sits at the logo. I spoke to customer service who could care less. They said the best they could do is sell me another box seeing that my warranty had expired. Its not like I bought this in 2012. Someone there even told me that if I have a ROKU box I can watch it with that instead. TOTALLY UNEXCEPTIONABLE! Me an my wife are long time Prime members and expected a little more from Amazon. I am on my way to buy an Nvidia Shield TV for my streaming needs. BTW it doesnt have an Amazon app (wink). This is the first box I have ever owned that just stopped working.
Wasn't happy with first one I opened as Christmas gift, it didn't work from right out of the box. Contacted Amazon and they sent a new one the next day. This one has worked from the get go. I'm now enjoying my new tablet. Very happy with Amazons service and prompt response to the issue.
Perfect size reader. Beautiful screen for video viewing
Bought this to install Kodi, Netflix and Hulu on. Definitely works as a multi source video device. It's slow but you can't beat what it can do for the money.
Bought this as a Christmas present for my wife. Reads it all the time!
Great little tablet works very well for my daughters needs.
I got this after returning google home, because I had multiple bedrooms and I wanted a platform to connect them together, you would had to buy multiple google home which is expensive solution, however with echo you can combine it with alexa dot -which is a lot cheaper- in the rooms that you don't need large speakers and keep echo in the living room or so. I found that I can integrate a lot applications and devices through Alexa app which wasn't available in google home. I would definitely recommend you getting this product verses google home.
The service that I received was terrific. I am very pleased with my purchase. I would definitely recommend your establishment to my friends and family
It was for my nephew for his birthday and he loved it. So that's my review. If you decide to buy a Amazon Fire for someone's birthday or Christmas they will love it.
I bought two of these tablets for my nephews! They are extremely versatile with games and other resources for a great price! I considered getting them Nintendo DS systems but realized that they would be able to do so much more with tablets for half the price.
The supplied Amazon Bluetooth remote control will not pair back with the main unit. This is the second one I bought with the same issue. Re-Pairing the remote is quite simple per the instructions but to no avail. Had to use a android remote with a usb dongle to operate the unit. Going through batteries like crazy trying to get it to pair back up no more than three inches from main unit.
I had put off getting an echo and now, I am hooked on it. It was easy to set up and is extremely easy to use. In conjunction with a harmony remote control and hub, the echo controls the stereo, television and more. The fidelity is surprisingly good for a small unit.
Takes a bit to get used to OS but once you do it is a pretty decent tab for 40 bucks.
I love my Firestick! I dropped my cable a year ago and dont miss it at all!
What's not to like? This thing does it all. If you are a trivia buff, you will be occupied for hours, So much info in a small cylinder with a tiny footprint. It is unobtrusive, fits in with any decor. Keeps the grandkids busy for hours.What will they think up next? It's already been replaced by a similar unit with a screen. (the look). It performs as they say, with enough microphones that can hear across a loud room. The speakers are good, but don't expect to be blown away.My advice...find it on a big sale and enjoy.
Once set up is completed it is very easy to use many options available I was able to link my iPhone to echo and it has made my experience much more enjoyable.
I hope to find all my books in the electronic format.
Can charge and take anywhere in the house! Holds a long charge.
Has every feature a android phone would have. I mainly got it for Ebooks and it works great for that. However if your coming from a iOS device I don't suggest switching to this.
Bought this to replace xfinity cable tv with playstation vue. the quality of the picture is excellent and with all of the others apps, music, and movies from amazon prime you absolutely cannot beat this product. i highly recommend.
I absolutely LOVE my kindle paper white. I read a ton of books and love having all of them with me at all times
I had bought a 4K TV and wanted to view some 4k content so got this. I found some 4K demos on Youtube and I was amazed at how good the picture quality was. In addition to watching Prime videos, I also watch SlingTV which seemed to work fine during the little time I used it. Setup was simple and it was up and running in no time.
I needed a tablet to use in a classroom setting and the Amazon Fire worked great.
I had previously purchased the first kindle fire for reading but I would get distracted with all those other apps you can get on it. When the kindle paper white came out I decided I’ll give it a try. I love reading in the dark with it and that it looks like the pages in a physical book. I also love the word wise it helps to review words you didn’t know later if you want, growing your vocabulary.
Very useful for those who purchase many titles, who travel frequently, or who just are seeking to save money on buying books.
Works great with our 4K tv. Upgraded from firestick and can really see the difference
This 7 inch tablet exceeded my expectations and then some. I was apprehensive about having advertising on the wake-up screen, but with a simple swipe of the thumb it goes away with no waiting. It streams Netflix and UV copies from Flixster with zero lag and no buffering. Expandable memory, (Micro SD). This is basically an android tablet, so if you have experience using that platform, you will have no trouble navigating the settings menu, etc. There is no Google Play store access, however, the Amazon App store is available and is pretty impressive. The resolution of the screen is sharp and clear. One of my complaints with my old tablet was the visibilty when viewing at an angle, but this tablet does not have the same issue. All in all, this $50 tablet is the best value I have seen, as it outperforms the dual core $250 tablet I just replaced. If you are looking for a 7 inch tablet, you can NOT go wrong with this one.
This is a easy functioning product. Good for reading.
A good product with annoying limitations like limited knowledge about things. It does not always access my music on command although the music is in Prime music
Looked around for a while for an inexpensive tablet. Most of the ones under $100 were not worth purchasing. I was a little suspect when I saw the $50 Fire but having owned an Amazon tablet before I decided to try it out. I must say I was impressed. Obviously it's a budget tablet so you are not getting a full HD screen or iPad like performance but it's also a 5th of the price. It definitely powerful and responsive enough for web surfing, Facebook, casual games and media consumption. If your a Prime member it's a great way to stream all of your Amazon Video shows & movies. The build quality is much better then other tablets under $100 and it's a multi-touch screen, not one of the plastic capacitive touch screens. Great tablet for kids, grandparents, people with light needs, or people just looking for an inexpensive way to stream Amazon Video.
Product works like it should, not a fan of the adds when you start up.
Good purchase for what I needed it for. Easy to use
I love this speaker so much! This speaker has outperformed every other speaker I have purchased! Alexa has great voice recognition and kicks Siri's butt it in this area!
Besides the missing app functionality (check compatibility before purchasing), it does exactly what I want it to.
We love the Fire TV! We dropped cable and are using the Fire Tv with several great apps.
Bought this even though I have an iPad and an Android tablet. I wanted this so that I wouldn't be easily distracted with other apps. The only thing is that I wish I could inverse the colors for night time. Besides that it has a long battery life and is great for reading books.
The kindle paper white provides an excellent reading experience .
bought for my wife for her birthday and she loves it
The Amazon fire TV is an excellent addition to our household entertainment setup! The ease of use is appreciated and the show content is perfect for my needs.
I am really disappointed in this Kindle....I have had many kindles, but I wanted somwthing I thoughtnwould be simple. This kindle doesn't show all my books that are in my cloud..it doesn't matter that they aren't in my device but they should still show up in my cloud...I have to go to my amazon account and transfer the book I want to my device.
Perhaps the best ereader made until now. Fantastic reading experience.
My Grand daughter that is 7yrs old learned how to shoot videos of her younger sister very quickly with this tablet. It is easy to use and very durable, even for kids. I was very happy that I purchased 2 tablets. One for each of my grand daughters. They were very affordable too.
We love this , so many apps that you can download for free easy to maneuver she will be able to grow with this
Bought this for my teenage daughter and she loves it! Gets to read all the time with out the strain on her eyes. Battery lasts for weeks!
Had some remodeling performed in the house. Had to move the echo to another location. After the job was finished, moved it back and just needed one in both locations.
Great product love the auto adjusting black lightLove the weight of the kindle light enough I can hold it with one hand an turn the pages
Purchased for my 75 year old mom so she could adjust the font size and find the books for her book club less expensively
I love that my son loves to read and all so the Kindle is perfect for him. It updates and is very easy to use. I don't like that it's as fragile as it is. My 12 year old has plenty of electronics but the screen has already cracked on this one. I'm not too happy about that.
Echo will quickly become your best friend. Her sound is clear and crisp. Music is fabulous. She takes notes, make lists, read to you, make jokes and the list goes on!
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
I love my Fire. I can do so much with it plus read my books and be online also
I had a 2nd generation Kindle and loved it, this one is even better. Very easy to use, great battery life and the backlight is awesome.
Great tablet for the kids, and very reasonable price
This is a great upgrade, with the touch screen but still with the perfect ability to read outside!Set up is idiot proof and very quick. I like that you can have two accounts on it now, as my husband uses it also. Has a very long battery life and is pretty rugged as I dropped a couple of times.If you love to read outside this is the product for you!
My fiance loves that she no longer has to go to abook store to purchase a book. she can now simply click download and read a book.
Works just as it says. The echo is a lot of fun to have in your home.
Nice little tablet. Works great as an eReader. Easy set-up, easy to use. Like the expansion capability for memory.
Not the fanciest tablet, but it definitely gets the job done! Bought as a gift for a friend that wanted an e-reader and he loves it!
The echo is absolutely amazing. You can ask Alexa almost anything and she'll respond with an answer. My only downfall with the echo and the reason I only gave 4 stars is because you can't really ask her to play a song with Apple Music. She works better with an android phone. I had to pay for Spotify to be able to ask her to play a certain song.
Best purchase ever! Love our Echo. Highly recommend the Amazon Echo to anyone
Love this kindle excellent price I just carry it everywhere. Fits perfectly in my purse.
Nice little tablet. Touch sensitivity not as great as high end tablet but definitely worth the trade off in price.
We love our echo, not sure we use all the features yet but the shopping list feature is great as is all the different music we can now listen to!
Great e-reader, long battery life. Was hesitant to make the change from actual books to an e-reader but I have no regrets!
1st tablet,easy to use and set up.plenty of apps preloaded to start.
A very useful and easy to use tablet. I use it almost everyday.
The echo is a nice speaker that has the added bonus of being able to respond to questions and give sometimes useful information. However in regards to it being capable of serving as the brain of an integrated, automated home, it lacks much. I purchased it to use with Philips hue bulbs and I was hoping my fire tv. Although it shares the same software with the fire, and logically should be able to work together, it does not. Echo will not connect to or control the tv. As far as the Philips hue bulbs, it can turn on individual bulbs, or even a group of bulbs IF, and only if, you remember the exact phrase or name you gave it. It cannot dim the lights, set light scenes or any of the cooler options the Philips hue bulbs are capable of. I wound up going back to using my iPhone which respond to voice command of 'hey Siri' better than the echo anyway. If I had to do it over again, I would have saved the money and gone with a simple Bluetooth speaker for my phone as it can already do many of the things the echo does. Only difference is that the phone doesn't have as big of a range for voice pickup.I did give the echo three stars, because the one thing it does well is respond to questions, like what's the weather like. That feature is interesting but not worth paying nearly $200 for.
So happy I decided to purchase the Echo! It's really easy to use & the sound is great!
Does everything a regular tablet can and for the price you really can't beat it
I upgraded from a 7 to an 8 inch. What a difference. Totally satisfied would recommend this to everyone I know
I loooooove this tablet as well as my 3 year old with all the kids apps make it way more fun and safe for kids to enjoy
The tablet is durable and great for kids. The best part is the parental control.
Great price for a starter tablet. Easy to use and able to watch video and read books. Only downfall is poor external speaker if not using headphones.
I love my amazon fire tablet. It's great to watch movies on and surf the web.
Works fine. Charges as described.
great products lots good appscompatible with many appsloves the speed and quality of priduct for the money
Wife had a paper white but needed something to listen to her scribd account. I paid $33 for this thing.. worth do much more.
After reading both positive and negative reviews, took the plunge because it was on sale and wanted 4k.Had a little difficulty setting up/ scrolling the onscreen keyboard/ inputing passwords because the remote didn't work properly out of the box...after the system updated the firmware, no more problems. After moving the unit to another house, wasn't dfficult setting up on that network.Some reviewers said that the menu is too Amazon-centric. Does have a lot, but no problem downloading and using other streaming services (Crackle, YouTube, etc)4K: limited content, but quality seems okay on a 50" 4k tv. Need a fast connection.Has an app- it could be better.If you don't need 4k, and have an iDevice house, Apple's box would be a more compatible choice...
I liked this so much I got one for my dad and step mom along with the smart plug in outlet so they can turn on their lights!!!
Its a greatproduct halpy i bought and im happy to use it
This device has been an amazing addition to my entertainment system
I purchased one of these for each of my kids. The design is very easy to understand and very user friendly. I would definitely recommend for someone that doesn't need the full functionality of an iPad.
Great product for children at this price...makes good Christmas gift
I bought this for my youngest to read and play. Awesome!
The best streamer for the money and for beginners. I love my Amazon box.
I have the second generation Kindle Paperwhite and the new Voyage is far superior to it. The resolution is much sharper, the back light is much brighter and the power button location is much more convenient. I highly recommend it.
I bought this for a Christmas gift. She loved it. Went home that night and downloaded books.
Was a gift for 5 year Olds, as far as I know they like them
my new paperwhite kindle is easy to use , super light weight- a real joy.I have been reading on my iPad, but find the lighter weight, smaller size better. Thought the smaller screen might be hard to get used to - but not really a problem.
The Fire TV is so simple to operate. My family and I have really enjoyed it. I recommend you buy it.
The echo has been on the market for a while. As a long time amazon customer I received one of the initial offers to purchase the echo before it was available to the general public for a low price of $100. Not knowing what it was I passed and regretted it ever since. So when I saw that Best buy was offering it for 89 I purchased it. They are adding functionality all the time good product.
I purchased this after owning the Amazon Fire Stick. The Fire TV is faster and has expandable memory. We have since cancelled our satellite TV and rely on the Fire TV for our entertainment. Easy set up and perfect for Amazon Prime members.
I bought for my father and its perfect for him. He loves being able to set reminders and play music he wants.
Kids love their tables we bought two and the Warrenty was great when the cord broke on one...
This is my second Amazon Fire, purchased it from Best Buy for a Christmas gift, when a deal was running. After opening the package found a scratch on the screen. Took the product to Store Best Buy changed it promptly. The new one is quiet right.
My 10yr old stepdaughter wanted a camera, but after Christmas, Best Buy was out of stock. We thought this was a good alternative (she gets $ from her grandparents, so it was her purchase) since she broke her old tablet as well. Due to her being behind 2yrs in school, we set a 2 hr limit - meaning she had to read or do other educational games for 2 hours before being able to play on it. We also set a max time so she wouldn't spend all day. It was REALLY easy to set this up & I wish it was this simple on our other kids' electronics. So, yes I had an alterior motive for moving her to an educational tablet in lieu of a camera, but some kids refuse to get outdoors. So far, a great buy!
This has been a lot of fun to own. I've not explored every function but everything I've used works great. Only complaint, seeing music at full volume pretty much nixes Alexa's ability to hear the next command and the speakers are so capable, the next command is often to turn the volume down.
Great speaker and Amazon is adding more functionality all the time
This was a move up from the Paper White reader. I like the option of touch screen or using the pressure switches on on the side which you can adjust to your pressure that you prefer. Sharp fonts refresh is fast and clean.
Great small tablet with great value!Must get one ASAP... You can't beat this price!!
I do like the Amazon TV idea. I do miss my DVR. I also miss all of the LIVE TV abilities though. Until Amazon TV gets LIVE TV abilities, this only gets 3 stars. Works well. Easy connect. But there are alot of reasons to miss Cable tv!! The channel selection needs to improve!
Wife loves it! Great sound, great technology! Compact and durable.
Perfect tablet not only for experienced users, but those that are not that tech savvy. My mother-in-law is really enjoying the ease of use of this tablet, it was a birthday gift. The quality of the build feels top notch. I need to get one of these to replace my aging tablet and utilize my Prime membership to it's potential.
I loved my old kindle but this new kindle is easy to use and has added security that I didn't have with my old kindle.
This charger and adapter works just fine with the E-reader. I was so glad that I purchased it as the E-reader does not come with one.
This is the 2nd Fire I purchased. Had to return the first due to a flaw creating an inability to connect to wifi. So far this one works great. Use it mostly for reading.
This is much better product than the fire stick itself. I was able to connect it via wifi or via the Ethernet port. Fast easy and watching tv in less than 15 min out of the box! Also, you can download the remote to the fire tv for IOS. (Comes in handy when someone misplaced the remote)
Bought this as a gift for someone skeptical to reading on a kindle, and they have really enjoyed it. Paperwhite makes it easy on the eyes and the opportunities for new reading material through Bookbub.com are a great match. Wasn't aware that it had the regular ads on the screensaver, but reluctantly paid the $20 to remove.
Great for web surfing. Easy to learn, easy to master.
Use this device everyday. So much easier to carry than an iPad. Plus, Alexa is amazing.
The Amazon Echo is an amazing piece of technology. The things it can do are endless and new things are added weekly. Just amazing
Does everything my daughter needs to do as far as playing games
Works very good with all my streaming apps and some gaming apps
I bought one of the first Macs in the 80s. I've had 'too many to count since then.' I am an early adopter, by nature. This has been true of Amazon's Kindle product as well having owned the First Generation Kindle, K2, K3 and now the K Touch. Love the reader. And I love this case as well. I hear all of these complaints that this leather case looks cheap or doesn't have a closure, or it's too slippery. PLEASE. I find it to be a PERFECT fit for the Kindle Touch. The unit snaps in a la DoDo Case -- which is such a great product for iPad. Very similar design only on a much smaller scale, obviously. The leather is not an issue for me. I do NOT find it to be too slippery at all unless, perhaps, your hands are covered in oil This is a first class cover for a first class e-reader. And NO. I do not work for Amazon. I'm just a HUGE Kindle fan.
From the minute you turn it on there's advertising. The OS is very different from a standard tablet OS - I couldn't get an app that I wanted from the Google Play Store - it just wouldn't work on this. As I said before, I found the amount of advertising just ridiculous.
Good Black Friday deal...Wife enjoys it for reading
Echo is very easy to install and it begins immediately. There is no learning curve at all...a fun piece of electronics. I would highly recommend it
I love just being able to wake up in the morning and telling Alexa to play my music. So simple and amazing. That's just a beginning of what it will do. Ask anything, most of the time it's answered. Just awesome.
I love the features and works great! Perfect gift for any occasions.
Bought this for my father for a gift & he loves it!!!
But to build on and if you use it, it's convenient to have and can be taught many skills.
Screen larger than phone. Visual better...........
They just keep getting better. This is great for the beginner or pro
I purchased the kindle out of sadness at first to conform to the non book life, but can honestly say I'm glad I did. My book reading has gone up 80% easily and this compact guy has made all the difference. Easy to use, easy to store, light to hold, doesn't bother my eyes, just magnificent. I would suggest this to anyone, I found the back light better on the eyes than the paperwhite and the battery is great.
I bought the product as a gift for a family member who was able to set uo and start using the product with minimal or no instructions. This is so important for those who might be less computer savvy!
Amazing tablet, does everything I need it for and upgrade tricks to make it even better. I like this tablet and all I can do with it...watch my shows, stream music, browse the internet and read my favorite books and comics.
Great little gadget, works well with my smart home. I can now turn on lights, etc. with voice commands. Feels like Star Trek! Love how Alexa plays music as well, and she understands most commands. It's fun to have a digital assistant around!
The Voyage is easily the best kindle avaiailable. The page turn buttons are a little wonky a times, but I find the high-res screen worth it.
This is one of the best box out there in the market. I purchase many different boxes but this is far suppirior quality then others. Good value for the money. Only complain about price should be more compitetive otherwise you will not be disappointed.
Great tablet for the price. We have a tendency to go through multiple tablets a year with the little kids. This is a great price and does everything we want for our young kids.
I was tired of trying to read my books on my regular kindle fire or my phone and NEVER being able to do so because the screen was too dark or glare was to strong.This is my 3rd kindle and I love it the best! perfect indoors or outdoors. Small and compact. Fits easily in my purse or tote.
Very little set up, Amazon helpful in setting up the functions. Clear pictures and easy to use. Take pictures both ways
Bought thd Fird for my daughter and she uses it primarily as an e-book reader.
It's a great technology device and the voice recognition system works great! I can control my house thermostat and yard sprinkler system from the Echo. Echo can also be setup to control the lighting in the house as well. Echo also provides some entertainment for the kids when they ask her random questions and receive comical answers. I have to say it's really nice to just read my shopping list to Echo and have it on my phone for when I go to the grocery store. I've also done away with my alarm clock in my bedroom and use the echo as my alarm clock and weather station. If it's searchable on the Internet, Echo can usually answer your questions. Even though it still needs some fine tuning it's still a wonderful new piece of technology.
Very useful device that is useful in many ways including music, news,and help such as recipes.
I've been considering the whole "smart home" phenomenon for a while. Even though I love tech in general, this particular aspect didn't seem to have much appeal for me personally. My impression was that it hadn't quite arrived yet. Then some friends got the Echo along with the Hue lighting system and the Nest thermostat. When I saw how well it all integrated and just how cool it is, I was intrigued. That was enough for me to take the plunge. Now I have all three and I love how they all work together. Alexa is at the heart of it with many handy features. She can give me weather, traffic and news. She can turn on or turn off my lights and adjust the heat. She can set a timer when I'm cooking. She can check my Google calendar to remind me of appointments and birthdays. She can answer many (but certainly not all) of my random trivia questions. Some of her responses are funny and cute Easter eggs. Her built-in shopping and to-do lists are rather basic, so I haven't found much use for them yet. She processes my requests, with only the occasional misunderstanding. Her microphones are sensitive enough to hear me in the living room from the top of the stairs in my townhome (although I did get the optional remote for the bedroom). Only sometimes do I have to repeat myself if I don't speak clearly enough or my phrasing is awkward. Amazingly, she knows to control the correct fixture when, for example, I accidentally say "table lamp" instead of "table light," as the bulb is actually labeled in the system. The setup was quick and easy, both for the Echo itself and the integration with the Nest and the Hue bridge. The app is easy to use, with only one minor issue (see below).Her internal speakers aren't spectacular, but they're acceptable for background music while doing chores or puttering around the house. Using the app to establish a connection to the Bluetooth adapter for my old stereo system wasn't particularly intuitive, but following the instructions posted on the Amazon web site got it done. Now I can stream music through the Echo itself or through my stereo for better quality, depending on my mood. You can integrate services like Pandora and Spotify, but I just use Amazon Prime Music, since I already subscribe to it.Naysayers will rightly point out that you can do all of the above things with other simpler devices, and of course, they're right. The Echo is certainly a luxury, a toy even, but it is fun and useful for me. In my experience and for my purposes, it works well with only minor limitations. It met and exceeded my expectations. You have to judge the overall value for yourself, but if you're already considering the Echo and what it can do for you, I strongly recommend it.
very easy to set up. Works great. Lots of cool features. Love it
We have other Kindle Fire tablets and were wanting to purchase one for our granddaughter for Christmas. She loves this tablet and is a great fit for her.
I have been a kindle owner since they first came out. This version has many,many more bells and whistles but I still use mine mostly for books, audible books and a place for me to download music I can listen to when I travel. Sometimes it is a bit slow opening up different apps and functions but overall it is functional, dependable and useful to me
Home automation is right around the corner with the Amazon Echo. Great companion....period.
My husband and I have really enjoyed our Echo more than we even thought we would. Love the ability to turn lights on/off. Along with monitoring our Nest.
Love mine so Bought the grandkids once each for Christmas they love them. Good games, books and movies.
This a great tablet for a child. Fully functional Amazon fire tablet with a special GUI just for the little ones . Plus a 2 year warranty no matter what happens to it. Definitely worth it!
Our echo has become indispensable in our house. Besides all of the questions we normally ask Alexa we also use it to turn on and off our lights through the Wink hub and stream music from Spotify. We love it!
After much resistance | broke down and purchased my Kindle Fire, just prior to a trip. I read three books during my free time. With limited packing space I would only have been able to carry one.
My kids had a good time with the kindle and now I feel like best buy is the best store ever.
Great gifts for grandchildren.. At the per unit price, I'm grandpa of the year.
It is very easy to set up and helps in delivering a better streaming experience. It was so good, I bought a second one.
Nice product, great value. Perfect beginner tablet for my 7 year old!
Bought this tablet for my wife and she absolutely loves it. I also use it for school which works great with writing notes directly on PowerPoints
Love Alexa!!!!! She plays our music on command, keeps shopping and to do lists, gives weather reports etc. Every day I am learning more that she can do. Love it.
Great tablet for Kids! Less than half the price of an iPad.
I've bought MXIII Andriod box and Ouya but the Amazon Fire TV box is far superior than those! I love the ease of adding the KODI app. Just google how to install it on this Amazon box and it was quite simple. Even has a step by step you-tube video.
First bought smaller echo but traded it in for the large one because of the superior sound. Very happy with it.
This is my second kindle. The first one stopped holding a charge. I don't know if that is a problem with the Kindle or not but I still love my Kindle.
Didn't work more that 4 months. Don't waste your money.
This is the only way to read a book now! I love it.
The Fire TV works great. Bought it mainly for my kids to watch their shows in their room without adding another cable box and wiring to my home. I am an Amazon Prime Member and the free content available is sufficient for all the kids regardless of age. We're talking 6 to 20 years old! The remote was a little temperamental at first but has been working fine after a regular software update.
This was on sale for an awesome price that I could not pass up. I already have a black one definitely a must buy.
Currently setting everything up on it but so far so good.
I bought the Fire TV because, as much as I liked my Fire Stick, I found it was not great at buffering and I found that often the image on the screen would freeze. The Fire TV doesn't have that issue, and the controls and action and responsiveness to the remote are very smooth. Also the voice control works wonderfully.
Fun to sit around and ask Alexia questions and getting her responses
This is a great way to stop paying for cable or satellite TV or at least cut back. If you still want cable without paying for their equipment this item still does not support the twc app but does support fox go sports. That's why it doesn't get 5 stars.
Bought ut for my 7 year old and it works great. It is a great price and a good way to help your child learn about the technology.
Great tablet! Nice interface an button location. Will but again
Haven't had any issues until recently my son's tablet won't charge anymore. Called geek support but they couldn't locate warranty so I'll have to go in
will begin by saying, I truly enjoy Amazon's products. I rarely go anywhere without my Kindle Paperwhite, and while I don't use it too much, I love the functionality and convenience of the Kindle Fire. While there are other tablets that probably do more, the Fire does exactly what I want and need it to do, and for that I am very happy.
I'm so happy I can stream movies from my amazon prime account
Nice size. Good processor speed. Not happy that I cannot gety Google music.
I love this little tablet, bought it as a gift for my mom, easy to use, nice clear screen, Amazon apps ready, lots of fun for the price.
Just got my Echo... love the voice commands. Slight learning curve with the different commands. App to set up process takes time to set up different music, weather, local news, traffic, etc. Time consuming but once everything is set up, works great.
Just bought my Kindle Fire and although the "Amazon" and "Fire" come up otherwise the product is dead!!!!!!! I have tried the help section but no help. Taking it back to the store. If it would work I would love it.
Purchased as a gift for my son...He LOVES it!I may need to get one for myself.
my 91 year Mom is reachable through the Echo - and she can just call to Alexa to contact me - super assistive device for the elderly!
I bought three of these from Best Buy for my grandchildren. They were happy
this was a gift for my parents. they love using it for pandora and asking it about weather, traffic,etc. very easy to use and very loud and clear speakers.
Wanted to Start my 6 & 7 year olds with a small tablet because they claimed their to big for a regular kids tablet. This was perfect for them... The picture quality is awesome.
Fun and easy to use. My son loves for Alexa to tell him jokes.
It's exactly what it says it is. Really happy with it.
I have the Ecobee Smart Thermostat and Sensors. Now, with the Echo and a few Dots throughout the house...I am looking more like George Jetson!!! A great device to voice control compatible smart devices!
After your initial kindle library download, the battery should last 2-3 weeks with the backlight close to the highest setting.
if you don't need a hi-res camera (you've got one on your phone) and you don't plan to watch movies on your tablet, this Kindle is the one for you! It doesn't have all the "bells and whistles" but it works great for reading books and playing aps.
It's a really good gadget ...I love everything about it...
Very good product. Very useful in mamy scenarios..
Mostly use to listen to music and checking the weather.
I bought it for my wife to use mainly for news, music around the house.I have not tried the other automation features. I was expecting a little better audio sound but it s ok.Again I am using it at about 30% of capability, hence review is incomplete.But enough to give it a 4-star.
Bought this for my elderly mother who was wanting the ability to read and/or listen to books. After a slow start getting her going (she is not tech savvy) she is really enjoying the versatility of this tablet. Although it does not have cellular data ability, which she had no use for, it gives her the flexibility to connect to wireless networks when she makes her weekly casino visits.
I recently received a kindle paper white as a gift from my wife. I love it!
Echo is a great , it can answer all questions and issues you may have . Great for homework.
Very Easy to Set-up and link to your Devices- user friendly.
This is a great tablet for the money. I got it on black friday and am so glad I did get a few of them for the entire family. The biggest thing that sold me on this is that I am able to use parental controls and not worry about what my little kids are watching, reading, or playing. Go buy it for the family, you won't regret it!
Plugged it in, connected to wifi and was ready to roll. 4K capability and 1080P better than cable box
I was a loyal Roku 3 but since I got a 4K tv I wanted something that streamed 4K. The Fire TV has a lot of good qualities but the fact it constantly resets randomly is frustrating for sure. I have the highest speed internet via Comcast so I don't understand why it's doing that.Amazon prime is great so it's not bad just need the bugs worked out for a higher rating from me.
Bought this for my brother who is a Dino when it comes to technology, it's easy to use and a great size ,he loved it!
It takes a lot of time and subscribing to get the channels I want, so I will write another review next year when I got them all..hopefully !!
Amzon tap is great and fun Bluetooth speaker with inbuilt Alexa. I can talk it to end of the room and it can still understand my commands and plays music. Cool device and I highly recommend it.
Love my kindle it's the best size for the price. Wonderful applications to download for reading, play movies and music. A plus rating
This is a great device. Easy to install easy to use.
Bought this for my Godmother and she loves it. She is visually impaired and the large font works great for her.
Had troubles at first as I was using a dual modem/router. Once I bought a separate modem and router it worked great and the picture is even better than what I was getting with Xfinity!
This is an awesome product. My kids love it. They listen to everyday
We bought the tablet to give as a prize in a baby shower contest. We thought it was a good price and we decided to purchase.
I was so looking forward to this that I bought it right when it popped up as available on Best Buy. This is obviously the most refined Kindle on the market as of now. The ergonomics are just perfect, as there is no other Kindle or any ebook reader for that matter that is as easy to use single handed as this one. Fits perfectly in the palm and the page turn buttons are a joy to use.The charging case can be removed while reading and it snaps back easily, you do not have to deliberately align it properly. Once the case is connected it starts charging the Kindle which prolongs its battery life.In short, if you are an avid reader and can spare $290, this is the Kindle to buy. For occasional readers it might not make sense to spend so much and the Kindle Paperwhite should do just fine.
I was giving the tablet as a gift for Christmas to a 3 year old. I initially purchased the "standard version" but returned it for the kid version which included a "Bumper box" as well as a 2 year warranty, which the standard version did not have. Thankfully, I asked the parent of the child if it was OK for me to set it up prior to giving it to the child. The set up took some time. I was thankful that I read the reviews because I bought an additional memory card since the product only has 8GB of storage. The child was able to open the gift and "play" immediately as a result of doing up-front work. One thing I noted that when the child played a movie through Netflix, the resolution was not very good. Could be an adjustment needed in the tablet, which has yet to be worked out. I would recommend this, but if giving as a gift for a child, I would recommend doing the up-front work so it is ready to go for the child when they receive it.
Works well but after memory builds it starts acting up. Shuts on and off randomly. But for the price it's ok.
Needs some user interface improvements. The screen is decent for the price of the tablet.
After reviewing all of the brands out there. I decided on the fireTv box.
Excellent product by Amazon. Many uses to make my life easier and fun. I have 2 Echos and a Dot. Well worth the money.
BOUGHT FOR MY KIDS!!! THEY LOVE IT!! WORKS WELL!!!
We have joined the modern world and now have access to more viewing opportunities than we imagined. The best part is that this technology allows us to speak our request.
I bought the echo after I used it at a friends house, we have a large family so the echo gets used alot and moved around alot, its a huge favorite of everyones
Picked this up to have a portable option for playing music in the garage. Love that it's battery powered. Never had an issue of it running out of juice. The only issue I have is with the mics, it doesn't respond to your voice as well as the Echo or Dot. Then again it wasn't really designed to listen for the Alexa command since it originally required you to "tap" the speaker to get it to listen.
This was actually for my daughter and she has rarely put it down since she got it.
My 11 year old daughter loves it!! This product surpassed expectations.
This is nice tablet with great functions. Great for reading books. Fairly easy to use on the web. Lots of Apps available.
Until the tablet stopped being responsive, I spent many hours enjoying casino games. I used the tablet primarily for gaming but also I was able to get news on occasion.I bought the tablet because my laptop had ceased to function. If I don't get a new laptop, I will most likely get another tablet, perhaps an upgrade.
I would recommend this Prouducts it had great full sound full sound with a conpack
Perfect for us. We stream a lot and this does the job with minimal interruptions
This is a great tablet for the price and is easy for my kids to use they love it
It's a great tablet. it does lots of things. It works great with school work.
pretty slow, but for the price i guess it works ok
I purchased this for my bedroom since I have the stick downstairs close to my Wifi router and have had no issues with it. This is even better than the stick and has no buffering or lag issues whatsoever for the normal things I watch and stream. Highly recommended!
I love my echo she is so nice. And its nice to have someone to talk to sometimes
This is the best device of the season.This is Siri on steroids Alexia does a lot.Apple could take a lesson from Amazon on this, but Apple will just steal the idea and call it innovating.
Works great with Kodi, enough power to direct play h265. SD card slot is a bonus for apps and USB for external media. Threw my Roku away.
I bought this for my wife. She loves it. Pictures taken with the camera are OK but not the greatest.
grandson really enjoys this and plays with it all the time
Does everything I need it to and with great quality too! Couldn't have asked for a better product.
Great tablet and really great for kids i highly recommend it
Fire tv, for a video geek is wonderful. Now, Hulu, netflix, and amazon prime are all easily accessible from one remote. I like that a lot of the cable channels have apps that you can also get to through the remote.
How did I live without Alexa! Echo is phenomenal and the technology and response from Alexa is very impressive. A must buy for techies!
This is a great kindle for the price. Smaller travel size with enough power for general use. Does seem slower than other tablets but for a backup or travel companion, you can't beat it.
Purchased for an 8 year old grand daughter who loves to read. She loves this tablet and is reading and playing her games everywhere the family travels. She loves the device and the pink color; I loved the price and the fast delivery .
I purchased 2 Kindle Fires one as a gift & one for me & liked them so much that I wanted to get one for my daughter & 5 yr old granddaughter - my daughter said she has not yet gotten a chance to use it but my granddaughter loves it! You can do just about everything on the Kindle that you can do on a laptop or desktop! Very happy with them. Might have to get another one for my daughter!
Picked this up for a birthday present. Had previously purchased one for myself. This is the perfect tablet for any age. The Google Play store can also be sideloaded.
Great basic tablet !Lightweight and durable .Great buy!
Echo was very easy to set up, even for someone less then tech savvy. Works great with Philips Hue & Sirius xm.
I have been on the fence for quite some time about getting a dedicated e-reader. Like many, I didn't want to spend money and yet another device. However, review after review always mentions that where the value in the Kindle is in the distraction-free reading experience and having finally purchased one, I wholeheartedly agree with this as well. The Kindle Paperwhite is light weight and is easy to carry around. This is my first Kindle since the 2nd gen, and I'm impressed by the speed and screen quality. The lighting on the Paperwhite is a huge benefit and is not at all distracting while reading.
Everyone love asking Alexa questions. She has earned her place in the middle of the livingroom now. She listens to your commands, plays songs, reads books, and even controls electronic equipments around the house for you. I sometimes wish Alexa could be portable to follow me everywhere. ;)
Ok so in order to get three working well I needed to get four but the one that needed to be returned was quite easy. All is great! Kids love them!
This was an impulse buy. While getting a bigger, faster and much better tablet for my wife I decided I'd get this for myself. It did the job just fine, but after about a week I returned it. I just didn't find myself using it wnough to warrant keeping it. The price is awesome and if you don't mind it being a bit slower than other, much more expensive, tablets then I don't think you can go wrong.
Great tool to start a smart home. Interfaces well with current apps
Very handy and easy to use! I recommend this product!
Here are my pros and cons thus far.PRO:Perfect size for Ebooks, and web surfing to alleviate strain on the eyes from my 5" phone displaynice sturdy casing that gives it a nice heft but still weighs in as one of the lighter tablets on the marketChild Accounts- Amazon allows you to set up this tablet with age restricted access for kids making this a low cost piece of tech that is perfect for school kids and allows mom and dad to ration the amount of time lil Johnny can play Clash of Clans and how much he can hit the ol' Visa card for.Battery life thus far; wife was on it for about 5 hours last night and battery was at about 46%Kindle Integration -this goes without saying but having my ebooks and audible books synced to the tablet is awesome and my Kindle books look great
The fire tablet is a very nice tablet. Good memory, and a nice HD screen. Would recommend! Most definitely :)
My kids really enjoy the alexa. I will buy more of these in the future
My granddaughter loves her pink tablet she is four and able to use on her own
Do you like to read? If so this is an excellent device. There are better devices, but at this price you are not going to find a comparable product.
This is a lot of fun. It makes access to news, music, and home automation easy and a lot of fun.
great product for entertainment and having all your accounts in one
Great tablet from Amazon! I works quickly and smoothly.
You cannot beat the fire stick for the money, a great bargain to say the least.
The best thing about the echo is the sound quality. Too many times Alexa doesn't have the answer to your question. Too many skills required to make Alexa useful. I like to use it as a radio. Will play most radio stations across the country.
Bought this because it's lightweight and easy to adjust display for in bed reading. Have difficulty reading physical books as my vision is changed. I enjoy using this kindle although I have other readers including nook iPad and kindle hd. Very pleased with this purchase.
It is worth it to upgrade from the firestick to the fire tv. The UI is a lot smoother and easier to navagate.
got it for my three year old and it's perfect for him
We bought this for our 7 and 4 year old. The kids love it and it is simple to use. The "kids" profile makes it safe and easy to use and we can limit time of use. We can switch to our profile to watch Netflix or use other apps if we want. Comes with a great warranty and device protector. We're very happy with the Amazon Fire Tablet.
Bought this for my 10 year old son just so he can have some sort of electronic. Great for what he needs.
I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a "known issue" and "they're working on it". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!
Excellent product early and completely customizable can even play video games on it with the acquisition of the controls goodbye cable hello Amazon, oh and 4K also excellent
I got this for my teenager and she loves it. The only hard part was getting it set up for her without giving her access to my account
Grandson has loved this since he opened it for his Birthday He was able to use it,figure it out, right away The protective case actually makes it easier for him to handle. Simple to set up for his home internet and parents were able to view and set up controls of their choice.
We had one and it was broken so I purchased another one.
Very convienent and works like a charm! The children enjoy playing games on it too.
Taking some time to figure it all out but I love it!!
This item was very easy to hook up and use. There are a variety of free movies to watch.
It's good but to get more connection and less buffing get the one with the Internet cable
Bought this for my wife because she wanted to be able to access her Amazon Prime content. It has a beautiful picture and streams great.
Its lightweight, amazingly bright color display and the best thing of all is you are granted access to thousands of books that are free from amazon/
Very cheap tablet that is relatively powerful. Makes good bathroom tablet.
Pleased with Alexa. Finding information easily accessible and fun to gather. Would highly recommend.
Works wonderfully, charges quickly.
If you want a tablet to perform basic functions, you can't do any better than the Kindle Fire 7. Check email, social media, surf the web, download and read ebooks with no problems. Good battery life.
Easy to read screen in a small light package. Excellent battery life and even fits into my work pockets.
I was a bit uncertain on whether or not we would actually use this enough to warrant the purchase. After having it for two weeks I can definitively state that we do. It's such a great speaker that doesn't require linking to a phone, and that makes me listen to music far more often. The assistant features are also quite nice. Overall, very worth buying and keeping in your main room.
My 2 year old broke the first one. Best buy replaced it with no problems, their warranty is the best.
This reader is great for consuming your digital media on the go. With a few tweaks it is quite a function tablet for cheap.
An excelente producto for a very slow price. I reccomend the tablet.
Such a great product I have no complaints. I broughts this product for my family also and they love it
I bought this tablet for my grand kids. They really enjoy it.
My kids really like this tablet. It's easy to use for them.
My is addicted to it. Every spare moment she is reading books on her Kindel. We both buy books using our Kindles. We like to talk about our thoughts and impressions as we read them together.
Good phone but my return visit the customer service was horrific
Great reader, light, good size, very easy on eyes, nice battery life. If primary use is as a reader, can't beat Paperwhite.
Alexa helps us with shopping, answering questions and finding new music.
This is a great tablet! My nephews really enjoy using it.
This is the 3rd Kindle we have purchased and they keep getting a little nicer with each version. The light on this one is a really nice feature. The battery life is better, the page turning options are better, it is lighter... there are just a lot of nice little improvements. If you like to read in an electronic format I cannot imagine disliking the Kindle.
The overall design makes it fir very nice in the hand. It is very easy to setup and has features that I did not utilize on previous Fire tablets. I like the camera and the Blue Shade ability. I like to read before bed and the color really does help me wind down. Long lasting battery!
Wonderful Tablet, Great buy, Easy to carry, I look forward to using this tablet
Device is smooth running and streams content seamlessly. More advanced settings and GUI smoothing is needed. Runs KODI extremely well.
This "toy"does so many things. It gives the weather,plays music and also tunes in to my favorite radio stations. There is not enough room in this space to tell you all it does. Enjoy!
Just starting to integrate it with other smart home products, but it is already really useful.
Not long enough for battery life.Confusion for Amazon app user.To be careful if I plan to use in the future.
Great tablet for simple tasks. I bought 2 and I have no complaints.
I will not recommend this one, do slow and I ended up returning this product
Great for the kids and the parents! We purchased for our kids and myself, easy to use for all of us.
Love this Kindle easy to navigate and love reading outside an having the ability to see the screen without difficulty
It basically makes any old TV a smart tv. It is also 4K UHD. That is one of the biggest pluses on top of me having Amazon Prime already.
This is a great tablet for children lots of great options to regulate what content that is available to the children.
We have had a Fire Stick for quite some time that we use for our Playstation Vue subscription. I decided to purchase the Fire TV as a second Playstation Vue device because it has the wired ethernet option, and WiFi isn't a reliably fast enough connection for the streaming services. The Fire TV performs wonderfully, and is much snappier in performance than the Stick even in the menus. Our Apple TV has now been unused for several months.
I like the fire tablet it's very easy to use and visuals are very good.
I like my echo because of the things it can do/tell me.
I have an amazon account and with the fire tv I am able to watch everything
Runs awesome for a good amount of time. Unfortunately sometimes the device disconnects or asks to be refreshed, during that time the remote does not work and it is frozen on that screen. Other than that it runs very fast and is a great unit. The fix for that is unplugging and replugging.
Very good reading on this good and strong quality kindle
Good product for streaming TV shows and Movies even better than the Firestick.
Great product. Love the Amazon ecosystem. The Freetime subscription is a must
The fire TV is much better than the stick, as it provides more features and is easy to use. I highly recommend it.
I purchased this for my 3yr old and he loved it. No problems once so ever. For the price it was a still.
I'll admit it -- I'm kinda lazy. But this thing is so much fun AND feeds my laziness! Easy set up, does all SORTS of fun things....My favorite is being able to wake up in the middle of the night and say "Alexa, add orange juice to my shopping list" and go right back to sleep.
Love this product will buy again this product is smooth and fast
This is my third Alexa, and I'm very satisfied with its functionality. It works well with smart devices such as lights, locks, thermostats, and so on.. I highly recommend it if you're in the market for a similar device. Don't think twice.
My child loved it!!! She was able to play her games!
The only regret I have is that the price went down the week after I purchased it. It is much easier to use than a phone because of it's screen size and it's capabilities.
What can I say I'm very happy with this fire tv go it mainly so I can use my Sony vue. It's very nice. This is my 3 one this year
Good adorable tablet. Don't have a bad thing to say about it. As long as you purchase a micro SD there is no issue with storage.
Added to smart home system and works great. System itself is also great to learn new things.
Has many educational apps I would definitely go into the settings if you're a mother like me who Is a very strict of what your children watch on TV or what games and apps they download I would definitely recommend setting the parental controls before giving it to them. In my personal opinion as a mother I feel it helps by setting the restrictions/content on It helps keep their mind away from the gutter Bcuz most apps and Internet websites have inappropriate sites children should not be watching. We can't control what they put on the Internet but we can control what our children watch and download they stay very occupied on educational apps ,read books most of these apps are free to I also recommend NOT putting a payment method option other than that my kids loved it
It's great for the price but always freezes and stalls maybe it's just nine since I put a 32gb memory card in there so it takes time to load. The price makes it worth it and the fact that you expand the memory to what you want
Right out of the box Alexa performance is outstanding and so easy to setup. 5stars
I have used several different streaming players/devices including the Amazon Fire TV stick and others like the Google Chromecast. I liked the Fire TV sticks but I am basically impressed with the Fire TV unit. The extra connections and microSd slot are a big plus. I also really like the voice remote. I have Kodi TV installed as well and it makes playing videos/music and viewing pictures via my home network incredibly easy. The interface is also nice looking. Overall, I am very pleased with the unit. I bought one for my 4K TV and it streams 4K content very well. It only goes to 4K mode when the UHD stream is actually playing though and stays at full HD most of the time. I liked it enough that I bought another one of my home theater room as well. I definitely recommend these units to others.
It does what it is suppose to. No problems with it...
I didn't know if I would have much use for the echo but the more I use it the more I love it. It can't do some things I wish it could like change the color of my hue lights. But it can dim them and turn them off and on. I like it a lot and my son likes it too.
great product! I love kindle e-readers! is light, fast and excellent.
My wife likes the fact that it's back-lit to make it easier to read.
Okay new look is less appealing but seems to work okay
Easy to use, pages load fast, I use it for e-books.
I had an Apple TV but replaced it with this Fire tv on my main tv because it offered the same features but added 4K which a comparable Apple tv did not. It works flawlessly and I couldn't be happier.
If you want any one you don't care about losing get this. It works well with anything you want to do from Netflix to reading or browsing the web. Perfect for travel. If you lose it or it gets stollen oh well you deactivate it on amazon and your out $50. Better then losing a iPad or galaxy tab. You brake it oh well out $50. Great for kids with amazing parental controls built right in.
Bought it for 12 year old. Works great and he loves it. Very happy.
The entire family enjoys interacting with the echo. It is a great way to organize shopping lists. We use the app on our phones to access the shopping list while out shopping. The kids love all of the extra features in addition to the music. Be sure to ask Alexa to play It's Raining Tacos.
Very convenient item to use. Easy to read ebooks and came with one month of Amazon Prime.
So far this is the best, least expensive media player I have found that meets my needs. Every media player can stream Amazon, Netlfix, Hulu ... What sets this apart is since it uses Android, you can actually do stuff with it if you don't mind side-loading some stuff. In my case, I use it to run Kodi. Why? Well, Kodi can play dvd iso files. I have bought hundreds of exercise videos over the years, and need the iso in order to use the menus. With Kodi you can do this. The last media player at this price point that could do this was the WD TV Live. This is that, plus plus plus. Highly recommend.
I own a Chromecast and didn't think I would need this. How wrong I was! The Amazon Fire TV box is more functional and useful than the Chromecast. It is easy to travel with and as long as you have a solid Internet connection (wired or wireless), you can enjoy this device. This was a great purchase and I highly recommend it! So nice I bought it twice!
Very good and easy to handle the price was very good
I bought this to sideload Kodi on to it. A very wise choice, indeed! I no longer have to lug my computer out to my TV and attach via HDMI. It's ALWAYS on with AFTV! I haven't really used it for anything but Kodi and Netflix, but LOVE IT! Run out and buy this , NOW!
Was a little difficult to sync the first time. I really have only used the Tap to play music and to ask for the weather. I like that the device takes up little space in my kitchen.
Purchased for my nephew and niece for the holidays. They love it.
I love the responsiveness of the Amazon Echo and all the things that I can do.
I bought this for my 10-year-old's birthday. It was the perfect price range. It's actually very well suited to a young preteen. He can game and read books without issues.
Excellent product. Easy to use. Mostly used for reading and utilizing aps
Light weight, great upgrades from the paperwhite. Love it!
At first it was fun to ask, "Alexa what's the weather......". As I add home automation that Alexa can control I will see where it will be a tool vs a novelty.
Much lighter than my last Kindle, I love it. Great value for the price.
The first one I bought had a battery failure. It wouldn't charge. Best Buy graciously supported me with a replacement. I like the tablet. Two enhancements that would be nice on it are 1) Speech to text capability and 2) Google Playstore preloaded.If you're using it for reading and internet browsing it is very good.Also, Alex (She) gave me great customer support. Kudos Alex!
I actually bought this for my friend that is going through chemotherapy and radiation. She loves it!
I have had my Paperwhite for a little over a month and I am in love! The software is much improved from the 2013 version which I previously owned. It is easy to navigate and pairs seamlessly with the app in my phone. You won't be sorry if this is the reader you choose!
I LOVE this little tablet, so much I've bought several for gifts. You just need to buy the little 32 GB Micro SD card and you have a fine little tablet, great for streaming, netflix, emails, FB, games, movies, music--anything!
So I was torn between the google home and the echo. Went with the echo for the home automation and it's been better than I expected. It's smart, listen/understands really well. Its a very fun device.
Since I wasn't familiar with tablets, I had a little trouble navigating it, but the help section was a BIG help to me, as well as your staff. The tablet is doing exacting what I wanted and needed it for. I like the case that I bought to go with it.
So far it's great. This was a gift. She is gets this on today.
Got it for my wife she loves it easy to read loves the fact that does not have to carry a book with. Her
Its a good tablet. Fast, durable and easy to use. I especially love the parental features that are available. I am more of a fan of android tablets but for a little toodler this is far better.
I love my Echo and use her every day for information and entertainment.I love the daily flash report and the fact that I can ask her what the temp is and other things that I would have to look up. She plays me music that I love and need to relax with and gives me music that is not really available now like Bing Crosby.
THIS IS EASY TO USE, I ALSO HAVE A ROKU AND I THINK I LIKE THIS BETTER. IT TOOK ME A FEW MINUTES TO GET USE TO THE DIFFERENCE FROM THE ROKU REMOTE TO THE FIRE REMOTE, BUT NOW IT AWESOME
Nice sound for the money, good highs not much lows
My 2 year old grand daughter loves it. Amazon has a lot of age appropriate apps to download. I know longer have to have my precious girl snatch at my phone saying "My toy Papa!"
This ereader is very responsive. It's the best reading experience besides having a physical book. I would definitely recommend.
Lightweight but not water resistant like the Nook.
This thing is fast which is what I like about it. All my older network video streamers seem to get slower (interface)
I'm new to tablets but this one is pretty easy to understand and use.There's a decent amounts of apps at start up, which can be good and bad.
I got this for my kid, because it is tailored for kids. They liked it and it worked.
I purchased this table to use to check my email and get on Facebook, but I use it for so much more. It is a great tablet for a good price.
Christmas presents for our girls. They work really well.
Great value, a lot of color choices. I was able to boost up the memory for just a little extra but made the apps run so much faster. Love them
Not a great display for watching movies! Reading books on here is very cool
the amazon fire tablet is a fantastic deal for the price. the amazon app store is great and this tablet has speed and a great screen for the price point you can't go wrong
The Echo was all as advertised - worked well right out of the box!
Screen was cracked but the package did arrive earlier than expected
I was looking from long time and good deal found on best buy!!!
This new technology does what it's intended to do. My kids love it. They talk to Alexa every day, listen to music and even ask homework questions.
Grandson wanted this for birthday and he loved it.
Alexa is Awesome ! Great buy, great gift ! Will definitely be buying more products that link to Alexa
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet to help my daughter become more comfortable using technology. This tablet offers great parental controls and gives her the ability to watch & play age appropriate shows and games.
My Kindle charges again.
We love our new echo. Strong sound quality. Weather updates, alarm, internet details, and easy to use.
I have used other e-readers,and picked this as a early Christmas present for myself. While I primarily use it for books. I have used it as a tablet. I would recommend it for anyone.
Bought as a gift for Spousal Unit. I have a Kindle Fire 8, but she wanted one a little larger, so the Fire 10 is perfect. Bought a 128 gig mini card so she has plenty of space. She's a happy camper. Happy wife, happy life.
Love it! Very convenient. Simple to install. No more cable
Easy to set up and very functional. Definitely would buy again as a gift
I've had Kindles before, but they always lacked something that made them practical. One didn't have touch, another didn't have a light, etc. I decided after years of not having one to give a kindle another chance. This one is perfect!! It's lite, it's relatively fast, the back light works great, it's easy to read, etc. I've read 5 times as many books on it than I had on all the other combined. Best purchase I've made in years.
For the price hands down best tablet out there. Excellent for reading in bed without disturbing your partner thanks to the blue shade mode.
I bought this for my mom and she has had no problem using it.
Bought it on sale for Christmas gift and we'll worth the money. Does everything needed with good functionality. Easy to use for those not too tech savvy.
Absolutely love my Alexa but I am still figuring it out. I purchased it majority for listening to music & I love that. I ask questions & her response is I'm not sure or I don't know sounds yet. I know she can do more but I'm lost right now.
This Amazon Fire is better then I expected. It does exactly what I need it to do. Fits in my bag, very light weight. Love that I can carry so many book on one device.
Very nice at a great price. Love Bose products. Highly recommend.
This tablet is great for kids and maybe some adults too. I got it for my 7 year old niece and she loves it. Perfect for her books and games.
For 50 bucks, it's a nice starter tablet. Wish it had Bluetooth but can't really complain at this price
Amazon is the tip of leading technology. Always have had great luck with their product.
My only concern is that after only having the kindle open and useable is that it tends to freeze up. Otherwise this it is a great tablet to have!
Probably a fine item for most but i bought it for a specific application, the best buy employee said it would work but unfortunately it didn't.
I've had the Fire Stick version of the Fire TV for quite a while, but finally went for the more powerful unit. This little guy is great, does a fine job of bringing in the Amazon offerings as well as playing some casual games (we tried some trivia and other simple games). The voice control is excellent. Overall I am very pleased with this unit. If I had to come up with something they could improve, it would be the feel of the remote. It has a bit of a fragile/flimsy feel to it.
I like the camera is good and it's very fast wifi work awesome
Great product and holds a lot of memory. Sometimes it is hard to get a movie started.
Received as a Christmas present. The size is perfect. I read a lot and this is perfect for me.
Good quality android tablet. also makes a very nice gift.
My daughter really likes her new Kindle. She loves the color and the size of the tablet. Works well and was very easy to transfer her items from her old Kindle to this one.
This tablet has been great so far. We use it a good bit in the car as well.
This is a Great budget table, it has has Great features for the price
Holds charge well. Portable. Lightweight and as best we can tell nearly indestructible. Perfect for kids
LOVE MY ALEXA!...BEST PURCHASE THIS YEAR, THANKS TO BEST BUY!
User friendly and perfect for my three year old daughter
It has a clear screen, the books are easy to download, I like the other features as well.
I bought the kindle fire not to long ago but wasn't happy with it because of the glare and lack of a backloght which hurt my eyes. I was hesitant to but another kindle but im glad I did! This is exactly what I needed to replace the fire. It's a little small but so much better than what I had before
Ask Alexa ANYTHING and she'll search the web. I love being able to control my lights, even when I'm not home.
I recently got rid of cable and WiFi at home as it all just became way too expensive. I wanted something that would run off of my hotspot on my phone as I have an unlimited plan. It connects to it as soon as I have it on, there is no lagging, doesn't take long to load any of my streaming services either. It is very easy to navigate through the menu and do everything. Steup was a breeze, I love the voice feature (definitely comes in handy).
I have been using Kindle for several years now but my old one was starting to freeze and had problems connecting to the internet sometimes. This new one is a great replacement. I like that it is backlit and that it syncs to the latest page read with the Kindle app on my iphone. Great purchase.
good and excellent product and good serive bestbuy
Great price for a Kindle as a present for your kids
I purchased the HD 8 to use as a viewer for my Pearl RearVision camera, which requires dual band Wi-Fi and Blue tooth. I installed the programs & got everything up and working beautifully. However I was so impressed with its features, performance, and ease of use, that I've added a 128 gb MicroSD card so I can download Amazon videos for my grand kids to watch while we are on the road. The price was terrific as well, but comes with the cost of "free" ads when the you turn on the tablet. (FYI the tablet mounts magnetically to the vent holder and is removed when not in use.)
Well primarily I was going. To for a Samsung galaxy but for the price I went with this kindle for my daughter to use I do like the parental control features I just wish Amazon was a full android device instead of limitations to app markets I can't even get Google play. Unless you jail break it. Well for what it does it works fine just not the top of the list.
I bought for my nephew who is 11 years old. He is very happy.
It's smaller than I one I had and it holds battery life good
Was expecting the moon but very happy with what it actually is. Limits are being pushed by active development, so it's a new experience every week or so. Nice interaction with home automation. Amazon prime is not bad either...
Better then Apple TV to me. Cause I have an Amazon account. Amazon video, music and all the tv apps. I'm all for this
The kid really love this kindle fire. The protection for the kindle help protect the kindle
A nice size with many perks, like a crisp screen & fun vibrant colored outer shell. However the pop up ads are annoying.
Love the Kindle product and the paper white is easy to read in daylight, low light, and no light.
We have enjoyed this product especially during the holidays.
Great for listening to music. You save alot of time on the internet just asking your questions to Alexa.
I was not expecting too much but was pleasantly surprised by both the speed and ease of use.
This is a great streaming box, and I enjoy the voice search option. However, I wish that the Amazon Fire tv when doing a search on the main screen would provide you the options of a movie or tv. show from apps that you have a subscription with and not just Amazon. Of course I can go into each and every app that I have a paid subscription with, but It would be nice to do a search from the main screen and display results across the board.
I enjoy having the tablet when I am travelling. Great size.
Great streaming device, easy to set up, I love it.
Great for night reading. No bright light to hurt eyes.
Already had one Alexa. Went and bought another and a couple of dots. Now we can "drop-in" to different rooms.
This tablet is a good started tablet for children.
I have enjoyed my Kindle Paperwhite very, very much. It is an excellent eReader for me as my eyesight isn't what it used to be and the backlight really helps is keeping the text readable especially in low light situations. It was a wonderful Christmas present from my dear spouse.
Bought another one because first one stopped working. Seems to match the cheap price. Made cheaply.
THIS IS MY 2ND TABLET AND THERE IS NO BETTER TABLET FOR THE PRICE, GREAT SCREEN AND FEATURES, VERY RELIABLE, RECOMMENDED FOR READING BOOKS, SURFING THE WEB OR KIDS, CHEAPER THAN MOST KID TABLETS!
The grandkids needed some research help for school. I researched and found that the Amazon tablet was the the best for any age. Best But was the best place to go for the best buy and price....
Easy to use and install. Faster than running directly thru TV or DVD player.
Though not super noticible the resolution is better on the voyage. Also the fact that the screen doesn't dip in and is flat all the way across was a huge plus for me, having a toddler that spills stuff on it if I leave it lying around. The page turn button features on the sides are kinda pointless though. All in all, love it!
BEST thing that ive ever owned. my review is a comment i left in response to someones unfair, inaccurate 1 star review:sorry to hear that YOUR echo is useless. Mine on the other hand is awesome. just today alone, i used it as an alarm clock to wake up, turn on the lights and music to wake the kids for school, check how much gas was in my tank without going to the car, re-order toilet paper and laundry detergent for a price cheaper than the grocery store, hear the news headlines while drinking the coffee "alexa" made me when she turned on the coffee pot, roll a 20 sided die for a dungeons and dragons game with my one kid who managed to avoid summer school, pipe music into my home all day, order pizza for dinner, and get help with the kids algebra homework. After dinner we played jeopardy on it after the show aired, and used it to dim the lights inside, and turn on the porch lights outside when it got dark and i couldnt get up without disturbing my sleeping baby on my chest, who incidentaly fell asleep to the echo playing soothing music....she can also tell you facts about EVERYTHING you probably dont know, including starwars which pleases the kids, tells jokes, plays rock-paper-scissors, AND can call you an Uber. Have you tried activating her ever increasing fuctions via the alexa app? Oh, by the way, her speakers sound better than the bose speakers in my car so...yeah
When I picked up this product, I ordered 2 additional for Christmas. They sent me to the MOA store and said they are in stock. I received the text from Best Buy stating that they have been picked for me. Once I arrived they had one, but stated the other one had been sold. I asked if they could get another from another location and they simply stated that it was a popular item for Christmas and they are probably out of stock. After asking four times, I picked up the phone and called Duluth since the website stated that they had some. The store manager looked at me and decided I was serious about checking another store. I spoke with a rep in Duluth and he state that he just got off the phone with the manager of the MOA location and he was shipping one to MOA. So, I hung up the phone, about 5 minutes later the manager came back out to talk to me and he stated they didn't have anymore. I mentioned that I spoke with someone there and he spoke with the manager at MOA and was shipping it to him. The manager denied that he spoke with him. I requested someone from Best Buy leadership contact me and still have not heard from anyone at best Buy. The manager I dealt with at the MOA was Link.
We pay over six $540 a month for Verizon I would never ever pay for cable again all you need is fast Internet I was never the one to sit and watch movies but now since I have the fire stick I love it
Works as annticapated. Would recommend. Might buy another one. This survey is not working right.???????????
There is no problem charging my Kindle on the iMac, however when I travel I need a charger. It works Perfectly.
Works great IMO altho when I first got it home the remote didn't work and appeared corroded insidewe called the store and they said I had to call some parts store, which said they were out of remotesKind of a run around IMO I got the remote fixed myself Other than that the box works grest
Pretty good tablet, especially if you have prime...
Love it my kids love it nice to travel with nice pictures
The price on this tablet is unbeatable. The performance is above what we expected. If you are looking for something to use at home then this is it.
I love my Kindle & bought this for my mother for Christmas, she is very hard to get for but I know she will like it for the simple reason she can enlarge the letters just so she can see without having to put her glasses on. That in it self will mean everything to her. Now, she should be able to read her magazines or books or look something up online without any issues. Love Kindles!!
Easy to use, love that I can download a free book each month since I am an Amazon prime member. Very light. Perfect way to read at the beach.
Great price for a very basic tablet. Well worth the $$$
This device is absolutely amazing. We use it for something everyday.
My requirement for this tablet was reading kindle ebooks and watching Netflix. I don't play games and no need of browsing on the table too. Bought it tablet on BF for $35 and found it to be a good value for reading. The only problem I faced is a couple of updates I received lately which have slowed down the performance a bit (that's why 4 stars). Watching Netflix is also good on this tablet.Overall worth the $35 I paid for it.
I purchased this because I can add memory to it...and it's the best Kindle I've bought so far (this is about the fifth one I've purchased)...I like it so much that I bought one for my kids as well!
My daughter who is two loves it. She colors and dose puzzles
This is a good tablet it was bought for my son who is 7 years old.
I gave it away. It was too nice for me. The person I gave it to was gleeful.
Daughter bought for 2nd cheap tablet for movies. Great
We love the Amazon Echo. We are still finding new ways to use it.
Good this is an excellent tablet, I will recommend it
I liked that it is quick responsive and aduquate for most task the ability to add more space via Micro SD card up to 128gb is helpful.
bought this during black Friday, best deal ever. would recommeded people
Easy to use, works great with Amazon music. Connects with Pandora and iheart radio.
Was very pleased with this product. Glad it worked out and provides flexibility for use.
I got it for my grand daughter's third birthday. The memory is small with the original purchase but you can buy more and I was okay with that.
I love it!! I would definately refer my friends and family to buy one for their TV's also
If you need help making a decision in what product to buy then hope I can quickly help you make that decision. This is a great product for 90% of us out there. If you have a 4K TV then get the 2016 version of the Fire TV. If you have to decide between a Firestick or a Fire TV then get the Fire TV. The processor speed difference alone is worth the price difference. If you want the best out there then the Nvidia Shield TV is for you. Either way, Amazon made a great product in the Fire TV. Some key features are the microSD expansion, ability to use a controller for some mild gaming, and voice activated remote. Get Prime and have access to all of Amazon's video and music streamin service..
great product for the price, I'm pleased with the Kindle Fire and would recommend this product to all age groups.
Awesome product and endless the things it can do, simplifies so many things
Easy to use in kids mode. Lots of games and books for the kids
We absolutely love our amazon echo. We use it a lot for music
Very happy... excited to continue to learn more about what Echo can do
I had the Fire stick, and the performance was sluggish at best, constant buffering and powering off. I upgraded to the Fire tv and the difference is night and day. I don't know why I waited! no issues thus far and I couldn't be happier.
Its an excellent tacky for the prices. It works well and the picture quality is excellent.
After all the great reviews I thought it would be wonderful to use as a helping hand running a business solo. However, for this case it isn't very helpful. Unlike Cortana or Siri, Alexa only works with commands based on the petty apps that can generate the commands. It can't use your whole phone or computer to pull up apps or anything special. Even the simple stuff like weather was a hassle to try to change location and simple data like calendar, and anything you want to learn just refers back to the Alexa app which by the way is absolutely awful. You can't use your own calendar alone, everything has to be linked to one of the several lackluster apps that have been created. I think this will be great in the future but as far as offices go, it seems an unnecessary false luxury. At home with smart appliances may be its only use. (Recommended for home entertainment use only).
Kindle Voyage is great, screen resolution is awesome, love the new page turn buttons (I missed these ones from my previous Kindle keyboard).
Great sound, very informative.. very capable machine
This is a pretty reliable tablet especially for the price.
She loves this tablet. It works well unlike her "bargain" tablet which she tried to use previously and cost about the same. She likes the sound of it also! She enjoys the free games she downloaded and navigates the wev easily with it.
Very satisfied with the size and performance and a great deal
Google is releasing their competitor to Alexa but so far, the reviews make it sound like it doesn't compete yet. Alexa is a great companion to your Amazing Prime account. You don't have to have Prime but you probably should. It's voice recognition as very impressive and it's list of abilities grows by the week.
4K, quad core, 4GB ram, USB and MicroSD, voice remote...this box is a monster. Bonus if you are part of the Amazon Prime world...if not, still get one, it runs circles around AppleTV. Plus, these can be modded, if you are savvy enough.
I just love this. best investment ever! I am considering buying this again and offering it as a christmas present.
Got this for my Daughter-in-Law and she loves it. Does exactly what she needs it to do.
Glad it was half-price. Alexa doesn't know much compared to siri.
Gotten for my granddaughter and she uses it all the time. Other than having to charge so much because of frequent use, there have been no problems with it. Good purchase!
Great the product is upto the mark kids will love it
The kids really enjoy this tablet. This tablet is built well
I should have done some research before buying the Tap. I would have rather had the upgraded version that is voice activated. Also, I thought it would be more like Siri where you can ask anything. Alexa's answer to most questions is, "I don't understand the question." The Bluetooth speaker works fine.
Bought this for my dad food Christmas and he loves it.
This is the second Kindle Paperwhite we have purchased for one of our Grand Children. This is a great tool to promote reading for kids or adults. This tool combined with Amazon's available online subscriptions or purchasing books individually is the way to go.
Great tablet! My son really likes it to read and also to play games!
Not bad for an entry-level tablet. Pretty much what I expected for the price I paid for it. My four-year-old loves it
I now have two of these boxes. They are better than Apple roku and other boxes for Internet tv.
Ordering process was easy and as expected. Hopefully my husband will install it soon.
This is an awesome tablet. it is fast with great pictures!
7 year old son uses with ease. Older son already had a kindle and I also own on. Very good product.
Bought for my parents fur Christmas. They live them. Very simple and easy to use
This device is good for people trying to reduce their cable bill.
Got this for Mom to replace an aging iPod she was using. She is reluctant to adopt any new technology but I have loaded all of her apps and saw her on occasion slowly warming up to the device. The only issue I have with Amazon Fire devices is that not all Google Play store apps can be installed. For example you cannot have access to Google Hangouts which Mom would like to use. Anyhow it is a good overall device for people who are starting to use new tech items.
I researched about tablets and based on my interests I choose the Amazon Fire 7 tablet and protector, I wanted reading and games mostly.
This is a great tablet and I love using it.it is simple to use and I'm happy that I purchased it.
I love my Echo it does so much more than I thought it did. My family loves it.
Connects snugly!
Had an old Kindle, and this one blows that one out of the water. Easy to read in low light and with lots of light. Kindle really stepped up their game and I'm glad I got a new one.
Exactly like my friends. I love it. I took it on vacation and great to read on the beach or at home
Great product at a great price. Gave out as Safety recognition gifts.
You get what you pay for with this kindle fire. Excellent as a Kindle for reading books, but not great for using the Internet. I am used to using another tablet which is much quicker and I was frustrated using the Kindle... It doesn't measure up to other tablets. Still worth the $ for a decent reading device.
The kindle fire has ton of space for all your books and is easy to operate and understand. I bought it for my husband who cannot operate a basic computer but has caught on very well to the kindle
my grandson love it, he play with it all the time love it.
The Kindle Fire is FABULOUS! I have kids ages 4 to 16 that utilize these devices every day so they get lots of use and wear and tear. We haven't had any problems and Amazon customer service is top notch.
this is my first tablet/iphone. It was confusing to learn how to navigate. after a few days of fustrution and watch/reading help sections I figured it out. there are alot of feature and apps I have yet to explore. I use it mainly to read and watch movies at work. I like it very much.
This is my first kindle. I'm not sure how I lived without one now. The screen is excellent. I love being able to read outside (no glare!!) AND in bed (built in light!). Not sure how useful the automatic light adjuster is but it is a neat idea. Maybe as I use it more I will come to appreciate the automatic light adjustment.
I love my Kendle Fire. Fits in my purse perfectly. Always have books on hand.
Perfect, simple device for reading ebooks. Does exactly what you'd expect it to do. Holds a charge for a really long time. Easy to use and set up. Light and convenient for reading on the go.
This tablet is more often used than my ipad, the free games from amazon underground is cool with amazon prime and if you like to read it has plenty of book options and integrations with digital purchases!
This Paperwhite Kindle does exactly what it says....Great for reading Books outside in the sun light or when it is getting dark.
What's great about the Fire TV is it's great interface, and frankly it's affordability. If you want 4K streaming, a fast fluid interface, then this is what you want! The nVidia Shield is great, and yeah it's powerful... and plays games, but for the price, and if you just want to stream it's not worth it. The selection of Android games is so limited, don't waste your money! I've also been turned off by the Roku interface, it seems too kiddish, and just not as intuitive. I am using these Fire TV devices through out the house to stream Live TV, and my movie collection through an app called Emby. It's a fantastic experience for the whole family and saves me a bundle on rental fees from the cable company, and electricity due to it's low power consumption. If you want just want to stream, and play your home movie collection this is what you want!
Great Tablet for a low price, it has a lot of bloatware but still worth it.
Including this purchase, I now have two Dots and three Echos. My home is more than halfway complete to being Smart. Just a few more Hue bulbs and hello modern day Jetson family
Bought this for my 84 year old mother who is an avid reader. So easy to use! She enjoys the lightweightness of the Kindle paperwhite and the non glare screen. She is able to adjust the font for enjoyable reading sized material and enjoys the LED's for reading at bedtime. Kindle paperwhite is definitely a gift that keeps giving and keeps mom smiling too!
This gift was for my mother in law. Initially I had to help her set it up, but she loves it and can now program it all by herself. Recommeneded!
I love how easy the Kindle is to operate. It is very intuitive, and requires only a short learning curve. Also it is one of the most economical ways to read books.
It's just ok. Will work but not what I wantedTo controlled by Amazon
I love all of them. I would recommend going to Best Buy and buying a kindle fire before they are sold out!
Love the fire tv! It's is fast and very responsive. If you have Amazon prime this is a must!
I love my kindle, I can listen to music,read my emails, or pick a book to read. Everything loads up easily.
Good picture and sound quality. Handy size. Meets my needs and then some.
I always finding what I need and better customer service at the Best Buy
I bought it for my bedroom, it's great, I use it all the time
Life battery very good , search engine very good.very fast.
I purchased this along with the kids version for my two year old grandson this one stays at my hose the Kids version at home with his parents he loves it
Hue lights, Spotify and everything are all connected with her
I really do use my Amazon ECHO for all my alarm needs. I also do some cooking which needs a reminder when things are done or need to be added for the receipt.
My wife and I use this all of the time to stream movies.
I was looking at the Kindle and ended up buying the paperwhite for the backlighting which works great. The battery does last weeks as mentioned in the details. I wish I would have waited a few weeks to buy since they dropped the price.
I have a short term memory problem....going from the kitchen to find my phone to add something to my shopping list...I can forget that easy...being able to speak and add things to a list and have that list on my phone where ever I go...AMAZING...and that is just one perk...I love this item!
this is my 2nd hd 8, very fast and easy, great value
Use to do everyday questions. What's the time,weather,addtoo shop list, check calendar and all kinds of little things without having to open computer lying in bed.
Got this for my 5 year old daughter and her and my three year old love it! Lightweight, durable and loaded with books and games. What really sold me on this one over the other options was the 2 year anything guarantee that Amazon offers!
This is the 2nd one we have purchased for our kids. They love them.
love the echo. plays any songs you want or ask or weather, ect
Bought as holiday gifts for older kids. They loved them. I helped set up and you can tell the quality of the product by the way it feels in your hands. Very quick processing. Suggest buying micro sd cards for additional storage space. 8GB isn't much.
I like to use my refrigerator it works like a champ and it freeze
This tablet is perfect and appropriate for my grandchild
I love my smart portable speaker. It has games, weather, news, podcasts, radio stations, etc.If something is missing, I can connect my Bluetooth phone and stream whatever other audio application I want.
I bought these for my nieces for Christmas because their older version Kindle Fires did not have a storage slot and they were complaining that they had to delete things off of them in order to use them. I keep getting huge "thank yous" from them every time I see them. They are so thrilled to have them and be able to use them without deleting anything.
I was very pleased with the Amazon Fire 7 inch tablet. The product is priced right making it a great buy and value.
Bought for my daughter for middle school reading. It's perfect
very fast amazon stick replaced my apple tv 2also installed apps with ease
I first saw the Amazon Echo at a friends house and purchased mine the very next week. It has become quite a conversation piece. My father liked it so much he has requested one for Christmas. I recently bought an Echo compatible smart plug device and love how it works.
I like it. I use mostly for music.
Present or grandma's birthday. She loves it. Would recommend
Works with a lot of different brands and is easy to set up.
This a great tablet for child. I got this for my niece who is about to turn 3 years old. She love the games and the TV shows that was included with the tablet.
I have several generations of Kindle readers, and this is far and away the best. It is relatively expensive, but the features are worth it.
Bought as a replacement kindle for my mother in law. She loves it perfect size for her.
There is a lot of bang for you buck in this product. It is not up to par with Apple pads and the high end Samsung pads. Check out the Amazon app store to make sure the app you want to use is available. The screen is adequate, not HD, and outside/full sun hard to read. The operating system is Amazon's version of Android. Audio is adequate. WiFi and Bluetooth work well.
Bought 2 of these on sale for my grandkids. They love them & they seem to work good. One tablet goes to school the other, if it lasts until next school year, will be going to school also. Good tablet for the money.
For the price, it is so worth it! We have about 6 devices on our wifi and this is the fastest one out of the bunch! Lightning speeds and no wait time to download anything. You get movies, tv shows, music, NETFLIX!...Get Amazon prime too! So worth it!
first tablet ive ever bought works great for reading
This is one of the best purchases i have ever made
Bought this tablet for my 5 year old. She really enjoys it and has ease with working it. The only complaint I have is the charger insert has worn a bit over time.
Great piece of equipment. Created rings around Apple TV. With Kodi install ....the best ever!
Previously used Kindle app on phone and tablet to read kindle books. But the readability on the Kindle itself is much better. Less strain on eyes and more natural to read for extended time. Plus, the light weight and easy handle-ability is great!
I always buy these kindles for corporate giveaways. They're reasonably priced and are great quality.
The Kindle Fire is great device for the whole family. My daughters and I use it to read on. You can change the size of the font, and the background color and brightness. In addition my son uses it for games and my husband to check sports scores via the Internet.
Wife and son love the speaker vary user friendly. Lots of apps for it.
Our first one was defective but was replaced by Amazon. Our replacement works great.
Wish it would be better at Internet look up. Or have better response to some questions that may need the internet.But it's fun and easy to use.
THe tablet with an added protective case has so far held up better than other tablets I have tried and the parental controls are great. I can also add educational apps that I want.
Awesome! Unbeatable price! You can buy books and stuff! Magazines, games or whatever! Keeps my wife quiet for hours! Thank you Amazon!!!!
All the static about this item, not sure why. I did get a better deal buying two. Cant wait to gift it to someone. it appears a lot of my questions go unanswered.
Haven't had any issues with it and got it on sale pretty cheap.
cheap - need to constantly make sure plugged in - slightly too small - saved some bucks there - not amazon quality
We got 2 of these tablets in black Friday for a great price! its a pro if you have amazon prime, since everything around this tablet is amazon base- shopping, videos, books, and alexa.
I love everything about this tablet. The look, feel, speed, and ease of use are perfect for my 8 year old. I bought several of these at Christmas time.
I wanted a tablet quickly on limited funds.I not only got one but I got a very good one and with the addition of more storage space, it was justwhat I needed.
My niece and nephew are going to love this! I got it for a great price too. What a nice Christmas present
MY SO LOVE IT. EXCELENT FOR ENTRETAIMENT. AFFORDABLE PRICE
The echo was easy to set up and works as it should. It is useful when you have a question just ask and it will normally answer you . My 9 year old uses it for math homework
This has been great for travelling. I can read and watch tv/movies, and not have to take out my computer. The price sealed the deal.
Great tablet for my 10 year old daughter she loves it.
Cut the cord with DirecTV and so happy that I did. Lots of content to watch and crystal clear. Quality Streaming & Sound. Thanks Bezos.
This tablet works great for the price. This is my backup tablet for traveling since at the price is easy to replace
Pros: - A beefy machine for the price;- Great battery management in standby.- a solidly built android tab at a rock bottom price. Cons:- Proprietory Amazon user interface may be irritating but this is a personal preference- The app selection is limiting. But you can install google play and get all you need from there. - Brightness and resolution may not be the greatest but completely usable - a compromise for the low price- had some wi-fi issues on several occasions (compatibility issues?). It is a little weak, also-7" may be a bit small and aspect ratio is a bit weird (long an narrow)Overall, a reasonable tab that does the job done (not many games, though) for a minimal investment
I love the amazon fire TV and other amazon products I have purchased. The gentleman who helped me at the store, was very gracious and patient in spending time explaining to me.
This tablet is a great gift, specially if you have lil ones. They will be entertained for hours.
I bought a total of 7 of these and the kids love them! Caught them on Black Friday for $34.99...best money I spent!
Tablet has worked without a hitch. We bought it for my father, who is just shy of 80. With a couple of instructions, he's been using it without further assistance.
a nice tablet for a very good price. It has everything other expensive tablets do.
Product is good, light. Amazing battery backup. I charge the Kindle one in 4 weeks. Great product for reasonable price. USB connection is easy, Books are easy to download. Overall, everyone must have Kindle with them and this is the best product/model to start with.Understandably, this is the beginner level model for people who never used Kindle before. Features like LED lights, White paper background are not available on this model. These features are there on higher models so one cannot read it in Dark without lights. But again, for this price you would not get any other good readers.If you are someone who reads in dark then I would suggest go for Higher Kindle models.
Have a fire stick and it's ok but after using this is wouldn't even consider getting the stick due to the performance of this.
It is just like reading a book only it's way more convenient! The background has the same look as the pages of a real book.
I replaced my Roku boxes with the Fire TV as I prefer its interface.
My 2 sons 8 and 10 years old do not want to put them away!!!! A lot of free games. Great price for quality name product.
Amazing tablet for the price. Lightning quick, screen quality is great and it has a great feel to it. It's only limitation it's the Amazon app store.
This is my eighth Kindle. Some others were either lost or screen-damaged. I bought it as a spare. Current model is better looking than earlier versions (white case), sturdier, and has an improved screen. Great price also; wish I'd bought two.
For the price a decent tablet. Some apps don't want to download.
I bought the Amazon Fire for my daughter for her 8th birthday. It was decently priced. I can set parental settings and a curfew. I have to confirm what she wants to download. She loves it and plays games, listens to music, and reads books on it.
Great device to use for streaming tv shows & movie
I bought this for my mom and it's great. I have a fire and I love reading on it so I knew she would to.
Can't live without it like having a genius friend around
I have an older kindle and wanted more space. This works very well
Best Christmas gift ever! The kids enjoy listening to their music, asking Alexia for jokes and I like the fact that it gives us the weather and movie times for a local theater.
Purchased on thanksgiving great price for the tablet.
El libro electrónico es muy práctico, puedes tener todos los libros ahí.
Good cheap tablet. Not very powerful but it does the basics.
the screen is mediocre. the processor is good, very little storage. and you have to deal with ads, every time you turn on the screen. You can pay to have them removed. for that price you can get a better screen, more storage and open ecocistem. that is not tied only to amazon
works as advertised. small and light. will along with my kindle fire.
There are so many things the amazon echo can do. Some of our favorites are, of course, music, but also we use it every day to set timers when cooking, and ask the weather.
Great sounding Bluetooth speaker and Alexa is very helpful too.
works great, easy to use, I use it in place of my phone so it's bigger
Gave to my Grandchildren for Christmas, would like to get another for the same price for another Grandchild.
We've had this tablet for about a month and have no complaints. Great tablet for a kid with lots of storage for games!
A real neat gadget that really works. Great tool for the kitchen too
It takes me a few tries to figure out how to connect to internet and then change it to blue tooth when needed. Overall , once it's set up it's super easy to use. Works best if you have Spotify premium. Voice recognition is good and it improves over time. Sound quality is good. Battery is really good.
Easy set up. Very easy to use. Was easy to install.
i bought it as a replacement for my son's tablet that got broken. he likes to watch kids youtube app in the evening when we are winding down but with amazon you cant get any youtube apps just some terrible knock offs which was the point for getting to begin with. the orice was great though!
I like the portability of the tap and the sound is nice. You can set it up to either push the microphone button to activate it or you can set it up like the echo where you just say Alexa.
Easy to setup and use!! Would recommend to anyone looking for a convenient way to add a Smart TV to their home!
I bought the Amazon Echo for my husband because he loves music. I was expecting the sound to be okay, but not for it to sound as good as it does. The speakers are of excellent quality. He is very pleased with the quality of the sound, as am I.Even though we use the Amazon Echo for mostly playing music, telling the forecast and adding items to our shopping list, to be perfectly honest, I’d love to have another one because we all use her all over the house and I hate having to unplug and move her.
For the price you cannot beat the deal on a tablet. Crystal clear picture and very fast. OK, so the wide variety of apps available on an apple or Android are not here. But most major apps are, and if the app is not available just go to their website. A simple fix.
This was a gift to my husband. It's the only e-reader that can be read in sunlight and since we were going to Hawaii, I thought it'd be nice for him not to have to lug along a bunch of books (I already had my Kindle).
I left my Paperwhite on a plane. I loved it so much I bought the same one again. No need to buy newer models. This works.
this item was cheap and good in use. I had no problems with this item.
I bought the Amazon Echo for my husband because he loves music. I was expecting the sound to be okay, but not for it to sound as good as it does. The speakers are of excellent quality. He is very pleased with the quality of the sound, as am I.Even though we use the Amazon Echo for mostly playing music, telling the forecast and adding items to our shopping list, to be perfectly honest, Id love to have another one because we all use her all over the house and I hate having to unplug and move her.
I upgrade from the fire stick and don't regreted because this one is double the speed and works really good for what I need it.
Easy setup and use. Compatible with echo dot, etc.
Kindle fire is great! I already have one myself, so am happy to be giving one as a gift!
My Grandson love this tablet it's great for a 6 year old
Great for kids if you don't want to spend money on the IPAD.
Easy to operate, glare free adjustable brightness is great for nighttime or daytime reading.
I love my Kindle Paperwhite! It's easy to hold and and can store hundreds of books. The battery life can last weeks without charging. It's a must buy!
The interface isn't my favorite, but the unit is fast and responsive. It makes loading my son's favorite shows easy. Picture quality is great. I have mine hard wired to the router, so I cannot comment on Wi-Fi speed.
Cool device but not totally useful as internet tool completely...but do use it for several helpful tasks, music, alarms and weather updates
I love this kindle. You can read clear in bright sunlight and it's so easy to carry around. The letters are crisp and easy to read. It's just like holding a book but without the curling pages. You will not be disappointed.
We purchased this tablet for our niece and it works fantastic!
this was a christmas present, for the nephew works good, he loves it
This is fast and good size for the kids no fit the big ones but still a good option
Echo is not just fun but useful to a small degree. It's fun with apps like Jeopardy and jokes. Somewhat useful is the flash briefings with news and finding out the weather and the traffic for the drive to work. Somewhat more useful, but still really just fun, are the lights you can buy and turn on and off by voice. The most practical for me is the ability to add to the shopping list by multiple family members which then goes to the Alexa app that everyone has which they can check while out shopping. It's not Star Trek quality, but I'm still glad I got it.
My son loves his tablet!!no matter how many tapes he drops it its still works great!very satisfied with my purchase.
I love the Fire. It is great for reading and watching movies. I added Amazon Prime and this made it perfect!
Bought this for my son who is in college. He has most of his class books online and wanted this tablet to read his course books versus having to tote around his laptop all the time. He uses it almost exclusively and loves the small light option to carrying his laptop all the time.
Was happy to use this to take my commutes entertainment to the next level
It is a good tablet to have. The books are good...
This is a great kindle and my son loves it! It took a little effort to set it up but that's it.
Purchased the Amazon Echo for my sons birthday and he loves it.
Good tablet for basic needs. Screens resolution is pretty good. Mostly using for reading and sometimes for watching movies/shows. Great feature is the possibility to use the card to expand the memory. Good product for great price!
These is so much this unit can do......I do recommend this one over the fire stick (I have both) only because of the buffering issues. Didn't really notice a difference between the wifi and Ethernet cord plugged in
We love using this product around the house we are constantly listening to music and whatever we feel like listening to we play and listen to immediately we really enjoying the Amazon echo and have recommended it to all members of our family and friends who do not currently have it.
This is a great tablet for kids and is very easy to set up.
Best thing we ever purchased! Amazon TV is awesome, best move we ever made. we cut the chains from Directv and don't even miss it. There are so many things to watch and there are in-app purchases as well if you want to expand your viewing pleasure. still cheaper than Directv or cable. Highly recommend this.
Bought this for my grandson for Christmas, I also own one. We both like this product
I purchased this for my father for Christmas and it is slick and super fast on his 4K television. You can mod and side load apps. Otherwise you would have to be tied into the Amazon eco-system and have Prime in order to enjoy it.
The processor was so slow. It took about five minutes to load a five minute YouTube video with 50 Mb/min. Internet.
This tablet is not a high-tech state-of-the-art Speed Demon, but on the other hand it is more than good enough for daily use. The two biggest benefits to me are that it now comes with Alexa built in, and, you can download Amazon movies to the device to watch offline, for example on an airplane. These two features alone make it worth the very reasonable price.
I bought this to replace my wife's (1st generation) Kindle Fire. She likes it even better than the old one, especially the pinsharp screen.
Never thought a tablet at this price could be this good. Totally recommended!
I was using a Roku Ultra for awhile, but I found that I've been using the Fire T.V more and more. There's really nothing wrong with the Roku but I seem to like the Fire T.V more. Probably because you can side load Kodi on it ;)
Very durable and keeps my 5yr old entertained. I have to limit his use. Lots of apps/games that incorporate learning. Very age appropriate and safe. No worries on what my child is being exposed to.
Great alternative to cable with lots of programming and gaming options, allowed me to drop my cable subscription and save money.
If I have to make an addition to my list, Alexa does it for me...it remember my music and it's the best companion.So far I've purchased 2 Echos and 3 Dots
It has more features than the old rca tablet she had & has more memory & battery power plus u can get free ebooks
Reading on the voyage is such a pleasure. Its so much more convenient than carrying around an actual book. I love that I can read in bed without disturbing my partner. The backlight makes reading a pleasure whether in the dark or outside in the sun. Truly well worth the price if you are a serious reader. I love having several books available so I never run out of reading material while at the doctors or on a plane......
It's a pretty good device but still has some issues with voice recognition
The Amazon fire TV is a nice upgrade from the Firestick (although I think the firestick is great for most applications). With the box, you get the added bonus of 4K and hard wired Ethernet connection.
Works Great, Flixster is a little slow compared to vudu but at least I can still view my movies from vudu.
The speaker does a nice job but I wish it had an aux out port so I don't have to bluetooth to use an external speaker.
This tablet is great for kids. It has so many apps and videos that can be downloaded. It has a nice size screen as well. The only thing I don't like is the charger.
Family member really likes it and says its fun. Using it all the time.
Firestick was laggy so i upgraded to the fire tv. Smooth and better then the firestick. Should have bought the fire stick instead of the firetv.
Certified garbage! Lesson learned about paying attention to reviews. Fire TV box and remote was packaged like new, even included new batteries. After plugging it in it would only show Amazon logo and 'unknown boot' on screen. Cycled power several times and even tried to reset using remote buttons, no dice. I read all the negative reviews before I purchased this, I chose to take the chance so I'm angry with myself, but very disappointed with Amazon for even suggesting this is refurbished, let alone certified, as if that means something.
Bought this as a Christmas present because I received one last year and have thoroughly enjoyed it. It was a hit !
Purchased this for my fiance's youngest son for Christmas and also to replace his broken "no name" handheld. He loved it. The speed, ease of use and size were perfect for him. He mostly uses it for music, youtube and instagram..all of which seem to work fine on it. It was also very affordable. He's happy with it so we are too.
An excellent product. You can stream everything on it.
Great alternative to using tablet for reading. Only problem is trying to read a *.pdf file - it only enlarges the page and does not resize the document to easily move forward.
No instructions on adding the memory card and how to move things to the card vs on internally.
Purchased for a travel tablet for my niece. This was great! able to play amazon music, download a few books and movies, and we were off! I was not planning on this being a primary tablet, but it certainly did the trick for our trip and kept her occupied (even in traffic) for a 4 hour car ride. I am enjoying it for books as well.
Will purchase again. Great delivery. Great customer service
Awesome tablet for the price but the only con is that you can't get google play on it, you have to use the Amazon app store
My parents love their new Kindle Fire HD's!!!!!!!!!
PERFECT SIZE FOR TRAVELING, COMPACT AND LIGHT, AMAZON APPS ARE INCLUDED, GREAT FOR STREAMING VIDEOS AND SHOWS ON THE GO!!!!
I'm still learning how to use it. I like that it is small enough to put in my purse.
The Amazon echo is a great way to ease into the Home automation field. While the Echo works great for playing music and getting the weather or sports news, it does take a bit ow work to connect it to "smart" devices.My home had a NEST thermostat, and could not get the echo to connect. I spent time searching the web, followed a the steps in a couple YouTube videos, and still could not make the connection. I stumbled across the IFFFT(?) website, which was the solution I chose to link the two devices.
If you're looking for an android alternative to a Windows-based desktop this makes a great option
The Echo has great sound quality and is amazing in the ability to play music.
I returned this and purchased the 4th generation Apple TV instead, I liked the Apple features better. If you're not
Bought for my daughter as an upgrade from her last one, and she loves it!!! I also bought another for her sister and both girls can navigate everything really easy.
I absolutely love this product. I set alarms, listen to music and ask science questions while doing homework with my kid. Would recommend for sure.
First got the fire stick so the tablet was a great addition.
A great gift for a 65 year old aunt! She uses it everyday!
I recommend this to everyone! Love having all my videos in one spot and easy to use! Plus parental controls to stop purchases and restrict shows!
Bought as gift for my granddaughter who is 10. She loves it. Plays games, watches videos and listens to music.
I have used them all, but when it comes to performance this tops them all. Its a very powerful device. Especially if you LAN wire it, I hardly experience buffering with my streams. Perfect for open-source media players such as Kodi and Plex.
I use this tablet mostly for reading manga but I also enjoyed reading books on it. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that I can't install all android apps in it. Other than than, it's light weight, compact, easy to use. I take it everywhere with me. Amazing deal for the price.
For $50 you cant go wrong, there are other no name brands that cost more that are worst. Didn't need to put much thought into buying one. Great christmas gift for anyone of all age groups.
Got this kindle for a gift for Christmas and my mom loves it. I would suggest this for any avid book reader tons of books and tons of possibilities.
It's very good for cooking, for weather, for trafic, for music ... it's smart for everything! I recommended very much
My 2 years old daughter really likes it. It's friendly and easy to use.
I was familiar with the previous paperwhite lower res product that was fine. For the price it is a great reader. The new higher res standing side by side is an improvement. Would recommend.
With 5 kindles currently in the home this was a nice edition for my mother for reading her books. I compared this directly next to the basic kindle and the clarity of the font made it well worth the price difference.
Awesome product fully functional with my home theater and overall feel of my living room. good for playing music off spotify
Ordered one of these for my son for Christmas. It worked for about 6 months and then wouldn't turn on. Tried several things found on the internet to correct it, nothing worked. Best Buy gave us a deal on a replacement as we were outside of the warranty. A great service from Best Buy.
I purchased this tablet for convenience and was surprised at how easy it is to use and how well it performs. It downloaded all my information from my paper white tablet and I was able to download e-mail and other important apps.
I bought this tablet and returned it the same day. The only reason why I bought it in the first place was so I could play certain games with it but it turned out that the games were not supported on this device.
The voice remote is awesome. Now I have "Alexa" on my TV as well. Good quality streaming content and it has everything you need: Amazon Prime, Hulu, Netflix, etc...
I like it my wife use it everyday to does what it say
I didn't have any expectations before buying the Fire tablet (which may have been a good thing). With the discount offered over Black Friday, I just couldn't resist. Well, I am totally amazed at how good it is, especially considering that it only cost me $33. I download ebooks from my library, surf the web, do my email so what is there not to like? Sure, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of an iPad but, for me, it is the ideal portable internet device (even better than my mobile phone).
Easy enough for a toddler to use. Helps her with learning to pronounce words better so Alexa can understand what is being asked. I like the handsfreedom with just using my voice. Also, since I don't have a home phone, allows me to use the app to connect with people I need to speak to in my dwelling.
Bought this as a Christmas present. It was excellent.
This was a very nice unit and easy to use for kids. Good value
This tablet I use for reading as well as free games.
Bought it for myself. It is everything its advertised to be. Works great; especially if you are a Amazon Prime member.
Bought this for a 2 year old. She loves it! She's already got more things figured out on it than I do!. Good educational programs and some fun ones too!
Bought this for my mom. The touchscreen is not as responsive as my iPad. The camera is a little underpowered too. I didn't think it would matter much, but it is pretty pixelated. It serves her purposes and I knew it wasn't a high end device going in. She has been able to fumigate it out mostly, so that's been a bonus.
The Amazon TV is great for non Smart TVs. I bought this to be able to replace an old Google Chromecast. This gave me an option to hard wire into my network and utilize it like I did with my old Google Chromecast
Use for facebook, games, booksDoes a great job - easy to use
I recently replaced a Xiaomi Mi Box, with this Fire TV box, and its been nothing short of excellent content availability and flawless performance, it just works great, should have bought this in the first place, instead of cheaping out with the Mi Box.
Love all the features that come with this speaker. Alexa function by tapping device is a nice change of pace from the always listening echo and dot! Above avarage sound on the go and got a great deal on it!
I buy several of these tablets each year as giveaway for clients at conferences and they are always a hit!
I use mine for email, Facebook ,games and to go on line. I also have down loaded books. I use it to take photos. It is small and be taken easily. I would recommend it to anyone .
Much better screen resolution than my 7 inch fire.
Good for what it is supposed to be- not a high-end iPad for sure, but for the price, can't beat it. Gift for my son, a low risk way to acclimate him to tablets, but not a big loss if he destroys it. Relatively speedy, good resolution, OS takes a LOT of getting used to after iOS... parental controls were a nice addition.
This product makes life easier, smart home integration or just shopping lists... makes life easier.
I've had a Kindle Keyboard 3G for years but picked this up for the backlight feature. It's just as good as expected from a Kindle device and I don't miss the physical keyboard at all.
Bought for my granddaughter as a Christmas present and she loves it.
I purchased this to remove cable, and the crazy high monthly bill. It works great, I don't miss a show, and save $75 a month! We'll worth it!
There are not many questions you can inquire of Alexa and not get an answer. You do have to precise in the wording of your question. And you always have to start with "Alexa". Decent speaker and you can do Prime Music.The beginning of AI!?!?
Bought this tablet for my nephew its light and pretty inexpensive.
Does it job and hope amazon keeps adding more apps
Bought it for my son to use for movies, games etc.... HE LOVES IT!
granddaughter loves it and easy and durable. loves the pink case.
bought this for my elderly mother to play games, get email and pics via Instagram, etc. now she's a geek! easy to use, even for a novice and very reasonably priced. Great buy, highly recommend this.
This is the most incredible tablet for the price. I recommend to anyone who wants a dependable tablet and doesn't want to spend a fortune.
Good tablet to browse the Web, good for a beginner
The Amazon fire tablet is an excellent product. I primarily use it to purchase and read books from Kindle. Also, I use it for my Facebook activity. The battery life is long and it recharges quickly. My 10 year old son also enjoys using it. I would highly recommend this product to others.
Great tablet for kids to learn puzzles and letters. Has tons of activities for children and a full tablet for adults perfect if you have pime!
This device is great for my 4-year old! It does have a lot of preloaded apps and advertisements that we don't like though.
This thing is better then the built in apps of my Samsung 4k tv. Its fast and awesome.
It's great for the price. Easy to use and kid friendly.
We switched from roku 3 to Amazon Fire. It has take some getting use too, but we like it. Several friends recommended it and I would recommend it.
I bought this before I went on vacation to Florida and it was great for reading in the sun!
Out of the box this was easy to set up and even easier to use
Excellent product as reviewed and very convenient for vacations
Wonderful product, very easy set up. Set it up with smart light switches.
best one yet for the money however when it rains iy rains
I got it because it's my mom's favorite color. It's got some powerful speakers. I can hear her on it from two rooms away
Keeps my grandkids busy all day I recharge it as they take a nap and it's ready to keep them busy all day its loaded with lots of fun games and activities for kids and adults
I got this tablet for $35 on black Friday. Plenty of speed for surfing the web and playing games. The screen looks pretty good for budget tablet. My 4 year loves watching movies and playing free games with it and setting screen time limits and other parental controls make it a great buy.
I GOT THIS FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD GRANDSON, HE LOVES IT!!!
I bought it for my daughter. she seems to be entertained.
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
Easy to use and easy to navigate through everything.
Absolutely love it! Battery life lasts long and great screen with the back light.
I enjoy being able to google information, check the weather, traffic, and playing music all by just asking Alexa.
If you can afford to get the HD versions I would go for those; however this is a great starter kindle. Love all the parent controls!
It's a good tablet for the price although battery is not the best
Great little tablet....does everything I wanted it to do. It's a breeze to get online and check email.
This was originally for home music - but will be buying some of the home accessories.
My wife got this for her Kindle books so she can read on the go
I bought this for my nephew and neice. Off the charts!!! They're learning at an ecellerated pace.
Good Cable for Iphone. This Original OEM Apple USB Lightning Cable For iPhone This USB 2.0 cable connects your iPhone, iPad, or iPod with Lightning connector to your computer's USB port for syncing and charging or to the Apple USB Power Adapter for convenient charging from a wall outlet. 1M Long
We bought the Fire as an easy way for our 97 year old mother to see pictures of the family from all over the country. It was very simple to set up and learn to use. She plays games on it, as well......
It's a great product, but giving the price, you can find the same thing in the form of a cheap tablet that does more. Still a solid product tho
A tablet that is not too large with great clarity!
I love it!!! This product has been awesome for my 8 year old
Echo is easy to set up. Alexa app was a snap to diownload. Use it for all my music, fitness, and thinks I want to learn about.
Its the best and affordable tab for every one and super cool
Excellent product, amazing resolution, great quality
Great screen, very fast, very portable, and light.
This is the best device to stream to your tv with all the apps available. It costs more than the firetv stick but I recommend it because of the quicker processor and expandable memory.
Great for when I'm on the road and I can plug it in to use at any hotel I stay at. Easily understood and versatile to use.
This this works awesome with my hue light systems. I set up my weather and news to get daily info. The one minor trouble is that you have to make sure you anunciate so it doesn't misinterpret you.
I bought this to help my 88 year old mother, along with a dot. It is amazingly,easy to use, voice activated, and multi functional. It provides extra safety and daily we find more tricks to enable with it. Unlike apps you enable functions ( all free and built in). A must have for seniors!
My grandson loves his kindle reader!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought 3 of these for the kids. They have good amount of memory for all apps and music they could ever need, don't lag like other cheaper tablets. Overall very worth the price!!
I love my Echo! Bought a second one for a gift and a Dot for my upstairs.
Since purchasing this product I rarely ever watch live tv anymore. It does exactly what I wanted it to.
I was exited about it but got disappointed. Same old GUI , 4K is limited. Search option is only for Amazon ...
I am building out a relatively large, advanced smart home and it was only natural to integrate voice assistant features to the mix. I use the Echo to control Phillips Hus lights and even my Schlage lock. Every morning I wake up and get news and weather from Alexa as I'm getting ready. What a wonderful product.
WE USE IT WITH DIRECT tv NOW AND ITS GREAT. wE HAVE IT HARD WIRED TO OUR ROUTER.
I myself have never used it but my grandson does all the time. He said the voice activation works very good and he likes it a lot. He's going on 8 years old and knows all about it.
A Very hot item that was used for a charity raffle.
My fiance really enjoyes it! I would definitely recommend.
This tv box works great!!! Easy to play, and good quality
Easily to set up, very entertaining worth it the money. Thanks
I started out liking the tablet but having to change a lot of the settings. It works good but I really did not like the advertisements that were appearing.
I love this tablet. Works great for my needs. Ebooks Facebook light gaming. Internet is a little slow but it's $40 what can I say. I installed Google chrome for more apps.
Had some freezing. But still works good. Will buy another one for a bedrooms..
Provides all the advantages of a kindle reader plus many of the aspects of a smart phone - less of course the telephone
Lightweight, bright screen, adequate capacity, great battery life. The perfect stand alone eReader.
Simple product - great battery life - great for those just browsing web and playing games.Don't care for creating a second account other than email for amazon store and wish google play store came pre installed.
Cost is not outrageous. Easy setup, fun to use and syncs with my iPhone Bluetooth. Practical uses for home as well.
Bought these for my classroom on Black Friday. The great deal was what motivated the purchase but I'm thrilled with them even if they had been more. Can connect to the internet so students can use apps easily. Makes learning fun!
This is a fantastic product for music. Love it and would recommend it.
I love my Fire HD8 I got it because my Kindle(the original) that my husband bought me died and the Verizon Tablet wasn't working great for me. So I came down and the agent at store showed me this one, there is a learning curve but it gets better and takes a while to learn but I love it.
I absolutely love this devise. I do wish ti was more compatible with more things, but it is still well worth it!!
My kid love this tablet. Very good quality with affordable price.
TWC digital adapter now returned. With Black Friday pricing this will pay for itself in months using TWC app, plus already a prime member. Have stick, but needed a little more oomph for gaming on the big screen
already own two of these so i am familiar with product. this is a present
This works great. It is a great way to get rid of cable.
It does most everything the higher priced tablets do. The advertising is annoying. It's possible to combine all of the icons for stuff you never use or want into one icon file.
I was hesitant at first, but now I love it. I love turning the lights off/on with my echo.
I would recommend this tablet to anyone that is interested in one. It is just as good as a Samsung one and half the price.
My 12 year old son bought this. Great for him. Only downfall is his old one broke after only one small drop. Would recommend protection plan.
Not quite as easy to navigate as my old Kindle. If I press on a word to look it up sometimes I'm not able to return to where I was. Also, I have not had an instance where highlighting a character name and using x-Ray gives a description of the character; it only skips to references of the name that are contained in the book. In spite of these few shortcomings I think it's a great product.
Just love it. Would not leave home with out it. Recommend to any read aholic.
Bought this tablet for my 4 yo and 9 yo. Tablet was perfect for their use of watching movies and kid games
Great product. Perfect for adding some high tech to the home.
Got this for my Dad so he can easily check email and have an electronic photo album of the family. Does exactly what we needed it to do. Moved a lot of the standard desktop icons into one folder to reduce clutter. Overall, a good purchase.
I have one Alexa to my daughter and one to my son. Both of their families love it. It's like having an auditory Google always at your fingertips. It connects to their Fitbit and my Amazon Fire. It makes us now want to turn our house into a Smart Home so we can get it to turn off and on lights and do all of the other fun things it can do. And it tells knock-knock jokes that have my kids howling with laughter.
Never had an Ereader before but I love this. Really helpful for reading assignments in graduate school.
The FIRE goes where you go. The greatest attribute is the size, perfect to bring everywhere!!
This is what I needed not fancy just simply used for reading books. Easy to use and battery lasts for quite a while.
Sound quality is exceptional. Responds incredibly fast. Just wish it's bank of knowledge was larger/more extensive so it could answer ALL of my direct, fairly simple questions.
It's a really great tablet. It even has Amazon Alexa built in, so I don't have to buy Echo or Echo Dot. I originally bought it to use as a MP3 player but has so many features, I haven't added any music to it.
love
My children love this tablet. It's fun and easy for them to use!
Came in great packaging. Everything is there. Works great!
Really enjoying this baby kindle! My first experience with a Kindle product. Fits in my purse even in folio. Recommend a stylus. Having fun loading it up with books, videos, music, and apps. Use it for email and facebook, internet searches, etc. I don't have a smart phone so this is really handy. And, hey, it has TWO cameras, too!!! For $50--UNBELIEVABLE!!! At this price, I could have one in every room of my house!
Solid unit for reading and the occasional TV show or game.Those coming from a full featured tablet may find themselves frustrated at some of the limitations and quirks of Amazon's walled garden, but if your are looking for something cheap they does what it says on the box, you can't go wrong.
I had purchased a Google Home first and was disappointed that Google Home would not play my music that I had uploaded to Google Play. The Amazon Echo will play uploaded music to amazon. Would recommend this over Google Home however I am sure that they will update the Google Home to be able to play uploaded music since it just came out.
Most of the things you ask it, it doesn't know the answer to
Alexa can tell you the weather, set cooking timer, tell you recipes, Control the lights in your home, and even play music on your favorite stations.
I recommanded this product to specially highschool student.It is good touch screen and good functionality.
Good for reading novels.Also watching diy videos.
Great product. Purchased for my wife to replace her fire hd. She loves the screen and the fact that it fits in her pocketbook.
At first I didn't understand all the hype about Alexa. But then I finally gave in and decided to purchase. And I am so glad I did. Volume goes loud and she listens and responds immediately.
It's a cheap version to allow my wife to read books and such. No pretense that it's anything like an iPad but it's doing exactly what it should do for the price point it's set at.
If you're looking to cut the cord, this streaming box has you covered. This box has the best app support and works with all the top services on the market. Good remote with app support built in
This is an excellent product. The use of this new technology is great...looking forward to more upgrades.
Amazon fire TV is so easy to use and its a great way to watch everything you want
Works great with all the Amazon stuff, like Kindle, Alexa, etc.
I have one of the first kindles and had to use a attached light if I read at night. This paperwhite is perfect for that as well as the perfect size. I absolutely love it!!
Very happy with the Fire Tv box. I use it to watch live tv on the Playstation Vue app and the picture clarity is great. It freezes up sometimes, I'm not sure if thats a problem with my wifi connectivity, the fire tv, or the app.
Bought unit on black friday as a gift. It's good thus far. Wish it was easier to get back to the home screen. Other than that I like the unit
I have not figured out the full potential of this device. The sound quality is surprisingly nice for the size of the machine. If you order home products from Amazon on a regular basis, then this is the toy for you. All you have to do is say Alexa order laundry detergent. Boom, it is done and on its way to your house. So becareful when you are telling Alexa to order stuff.
Easy to set up and use. The remote is sleek and functional
Bought this for our 7 and 5 year old. They love to play music and ask questions about science. Lots of fun!
Got this on Black Friday for $35.00. Bought it for my wife and she loves it for Web surfing.
love it.....Alexa listens well and plays songs I like
Its ok tablet but you dont have access to all the same apps that are in google play store. Also to really enjoy the tablet you should be memebr of amazon prime which I am not.
For the amount of money it is actually a good tablet.
I love the Amazon echo. It a great device for finding answers to questions or listening to music. On side note it is a great learning tool for a grade school student. Love playing 20 questions, getting the local weather report and keeping shopping lists.
I already own a Nvidia Shield but needed a cheaper option for my sons room to run Netflix and Kodi. The Amazon Fire TV runs both great, no lag and looks great.
Grand daughter is two years old and watches her older brother and sister use their iPads. So we got her the Amazon Fire Kids Addition and she loves it. She has a great time with learning numbers and the alphabet.
Great for family nights when you want entertain, and great for kids.
Small, light weight, bright ... this is the best Kindle yet.
Works flawlessly once a strong wifi signal is established and love the ability to add Acorn TV (British productions)
I purchased several of these tablets. It's great for kids (all kinds of parental controls), but I also purchased one for my 80yr old Mother. She loves the ability to skype, check email and read her magazines and newspapers each day. She's also discovered (on her own) several games and apps in the AppStore that she suddenly can't live without. I love that when she gets stuck on something (if she can't call me) she can contact Amazon and they log right into her tablet and walk her though the issue (for free).CONS: It's slow... not for advanced users.
Since I purchased mine the wife thought she would also like one so we picked up her one and she is using it a lot.
This tablet works wonders great price my grandchildren love it . My granddaughter love downloading books my grandsons enjoy the games.
I would give this tablet great recommendations for anyone to buy it. We purchased for family members in Mexico and they love i. Easy to use. Great buy.
It has a great picture. But, This is not different from the original fire stick.
Small but easy to use. Good selection of kid friendly apps.
This tablet is so great. It's easy to use, the price tag is amazing! The App Store has a great selection. I would recommend to just about anyone.
Awesome
A gift for my teenage son, who never puts it down. Best gift he ever received.
The best e-reader. It's light weight and holds its charge for days. Awesome!
It's a really good tablet for children good parental controls expandable up to 128 gigs I like that so it allowed me to download as many things for the children to utilize separate from the Internet all around is a good device
I find the Alexa educational, fun, entertaining and convenient. I say convenient because I love that I can ask the time without looking elsewhere. Whether it's the middle of the night or while getting ready for work. There are so many types of questions Alexa can answer!
Love that Prime membership allows me to see all other movies...bye bye Netflix
This is a nice tablet. It has a really good clear screen.
Best present to me!!!. It goes everywhere that I go
Traded in the Echo for Google Home after trying both. Did the training questions but still found it could only answer 6 of 10 questions. There were many specific apps but trying to remember the cues words is more difficult. Google home answers without cue words the first time and can extend a conversation based on the first question. Can ask for driving times to destinations without an app, same for getting a cocktail recipe. Very dry responses where GH has personality. Try them both before deciding what is best for your needs.
I purchased fire tv because you can download apps onto it so I can use Directv Now. Easy setup and has worked great.
This was a gift for my 7 year old grandson. He loved it. It's easy for him to use and the parental controls were perfect to keep him away from inappropriate content. Hours of entertainment for traveling. Great for games and movies for some quiet down time.
Bought it for a child. He works it very easily. Would recommend
This is really good if you read a lot, doesn't strain your eyes and very light weight. Only demerit is - cant use in night if there is not enough light.
I especially loved the bumper that protects it! He absolutely loved this gift! It has parental control. It has the ability to buy games that are educational for him; and we are all thrilled with it....myself, his parents and our little guy!!!!
We bought this as a present for my grandma for mother's day. She was ecstatic!
Not the fastest for loading web pages, but apps run smoothly. I've noticed that internet connection will not function if there is not enough room in memory, so delete some apps if you cannot access wi-fi. Great for Netflix, Flixter and games. Good resolution, just short of HD, but can tell the difference if HD is chosen over SD when given the choice while watching movies.
Happy with purchase, would recommend to other people
This is great! Plays music, answers questions, keeps my shopping list, sets a timer or alarm clock and soo much more. Only regret is that I didn't buy it sooner
purchased to use as a reader. Was told that it had Play Store and after many attempts, we couldn't get it to work properly
I love the color is choose,and the tablet is great
Good tablet. Keeps my neice busy for hours, and we usually have to take it from her so she can sleep.
If you're deciding between the Amazon Echo and the Google Home, then fork up the extra costs and get the Echo. Its hands down better. Its been around longer so it has more experience and technology compatability. You will not be disappointed.
This is great starter tablet for tweens and mature adults. The only issue I have is the forced ads on the homescreen.
I no longer have cable nor do I need it now that I have the firestick!
Love this kindle!!! It is amazing for the price, well worth it!!!!!
This tablet is perfect for a young child. The case it comes with is wonderful and seems very protective.
Great integration with Harmony. Can buy stuff from Amazon before I forget. Great product.
I love this and use it every night to watch just about anything I want.
This product does everything. An ipad does at a quarte of the price. Am very pleased. Highly recommend
Great tablet for a very small price. Would buy again.
I love it it was a gift for my niece she uses it a lot to extreme movies battery holds up very well
These two boys were thrilled with the Fire tablet. Every time I see them they are glued to the tablet. They both have said it is the best present EVER. Extra points to the grandfather on these gifts!
Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
This is something I bought for a gift. They wanted this and as of now she loves it. I am considering buying one for myself
Alexa is great when asking about the weather, or when wanting to play some music quickly. However, majority of the questions I ask it cannot find. I think that the questions are pretty simple too. She will answer questions with direct answers like "whats 2+2" but if you go much further she wont respond.
Already own one and a dot. Bought this one as a gift for someone. They already love it.
Got this for my kids. It does everything they want it to. Great price for what you get. Highly recomend for someone wanting a good tablet that won't break the bank.
This is great for family use. For the price it was great. I can leave it out,and the children LOVE it. The TV is very lonely now.
It protects my Kindall and I can take it and put it in my purse if not get scratch because I like to read my Kimball we have places waiting for people. And it's a nice color and it's very nice.
Great little device it reacts fast to the remote and is faster than the fire stick, if you thinking about getting one get the fire TV instead of the stick.
The product is great for easy no hands control of music. The speaker is loud enough to replace many Bluetooth speakers.
I was not satisfied with Chromecast because of its limited abilities. Fire TV with sideloaded apps can do so much more. Love it!
nice and compact. user friendly, works well in low light
Works perfect for my niece! She loves it! Great Deal!
All in all it is a great product. However I find it limited by the need and expense for additional accessories. An example is you can call from it but only if the receiving person has a similar device. The sills are tricky to learn, but manageable. Some of the tasks that you ask her can be hard to get correct, it just takes some practice. All in all it is really cool.
Great for reading, love the selection of apps to choose from.
I like being able to just tell Echo to play music, or asking for the weather. Also works great with general questions. Only thing I'm not too happy with is it sometimes picks up what the TV is saying and attempts to do something with it. Looking forward to adding smart devices to the house and integrating Echo with all of that.
Start and end my day with this device. Great way to start the party or just unwind. Reminders, ask questions, and even jeopardy are very useful.
Got this for my pre teen who took to it like a duck to water. It is great size and easy to pack
I didn't quite know what to expect but I'm pleased with the product.
My son loves his tablet, it is very inexpensive and works well. I only paid $50 for it
The Fire TV 4K shows great tv in 4K. I also own firesticks and they are great also. I purchased the Fire TV basically for the 4K and I'm not disappointed.
Got the nieces, wife, and myself these for Christmas. Figures they were cheap enough, so why not.These are functional tablets in every way. We haven't found any problem with them. The display isn't a hi resolution, so I wasn't expecting great. I've had phones and tablet with the same resolution, but never one that looked quite as lack luster as this display. They are OK for the kids to beat around with because they broke the last tablet they had. This one probably wont last much longer, but it's cheap. I wish I would have spent a few more bucks and gotten better ones for my wife and I, though.If you want a disposable tablet or color reader for magazines and such, you'll probably be OK with this.If you want a good tablet, think about buying a good tablet.
"Santa" got this for my 7 y.o. It works well on wi-fi, can link to our movie library via DMA app, add educational apps, and can expand memory via SD card. She can't put it down (much to our chagrin).
alot of great free educational gaming, reasonable price only downfall is sometimes it runs a tad slower than a tablet
I love my Alexa! I am learning new applications every day.I really like listening to NPR news and to classical music. I have ordered plugs for light control. I am sure I will get into more smart home apps in the future.
It is a neat gadget; can do some things like track items for a shopping list and setting timers that are great. I would have expected it to be better at telling me things like when is TV show X on and what sound does a Cardinal (bird) make. All were met with "I didn't understand the question." Alexa should be more intuitive than that and should learn and grow as you go along, she does not. You also have to ask things in a way Alexa will understand. For example, you cannot say, "Alexa, turn out the lights in the kitchen." That "does not compute." But if you say, "Alexa, shut off the lights." She will do as you ask. I had to start writing down the "correct" way to ask her things so I would remember them. Again she needs to learn and adapt; not happening so far.
The only problem I have is using the name Echo instead of Alexia. Came very quickly.
Having been anticipating this purchase for a while my research was obsessive and not in the slightest bit was my expectations not met. It's been a extension that permits info more rapidly than before with not the need for a screen to see it. Still not lose to explored its limits that expand quicker than I could map figuratively. Love my Alexa!!
Picked up one of thear love it easy to set up and install great price
My 3 year old has gone through 2 tablets prior to her kids fire. I love the parental control and easy use. She loves the apps available through Prime! She drops it daily with no damage to the tablet thanks to the protective case! Thanks for making a very durable product with an incredible warranty!
so easy to set up. great App selection. should have purchased this sooner.
We have always been Nexus Tablet desciples, and in fact have bought 6-8 of them for self and family members. This one was for granddaughter to replace Nexus that had gotten slow.This one works better/faster than the Nexus! It's fast....easy to use; perfect tablet for a child or teenager...and can't beat the price!Very pleased with purchase....
Fantastic tablet fire one is great. Small and portable
Very pleased with this device. Great price, easy to use, and light weight.
This is my first kindle and I love it. I have used it every day since I bought it.
Bought this as a gift for my 5 year old nephew. It is easy for him to use. Downloaded educational games for him to play. Great buy!
The family uses Alexa on a daily basis. She plays music, reminds us of tasks and even helps with cooking recipes. All around great product!
This is prerfict for my kids and my needs! We love reading the books and when a game is wanted or watching Netflix it is so easy!
Originally I bought the stick. I ended up giving the stick to my friend because I had bought this as a present for my brother and helped him set it up. It is extremely fast so I bought one for myself. The fire tv is fantastic for watching anything
We actually bought this for my son as a replacement tablet. He likes it but does not like the fact that not every game that is available in the google play store is available on this one. Overall it is a great tablet. Works quickly and he enjoys it.
I use this item mostly for music but I love alexa. She is very knowledgeable. The downside is you have to use the Alexa app for some functionality but I don't mind. I just don't like that you have to say the app when using some skills. Like, "Alexa, use tracker to find my phone." Instead of "Alexa, find my phone." You have to remember what the skills names are.
Don't waste money on the kid program friendly ones that's what Locks are for
Smart Amazon Echo I am enjoying having theses Amazon Echo, my life much more easy then before. Excellent Amazon Echo....!
I was hesitant since I also have a smart phone but it's well worth it. Love that it doesn't smudge or break as easily and is easy on my eyes even in the dark. Love the kindle share program
The Fire HD is a nice tablet that functions well but doesn't meet the shear horsepower and feel of an iPad....but, at about 1/4 the cost, it fits the bill pretty well.
Works pretty good but it's slow or glitchy. Either way it's good for the price.
Love it works great a lot of fun great for listening to music
Easy to use. Many applications. Would recommend to anyone.
Got it for my grandmother and she loves to play games on it
Love the Echo, want to buy other products to make home more compatible with alexa.
I have had both older E-ink Kindle and Nook readers as well as the larger color screen versions and this new one is the best one yet. Very light, portable, battery lasts a long time. The screen is much better than the older E-ink Kindle. I recently binged through the 4th book of Game of Thrones, and it was an easy read on the Kindle. I highly recommend this to any reader. My teenage daughter also enjoys reading on the Kindle as well as opposed to the regular books.
Described as its written and good price. Very helpful staff.
THE BEST TABLET THAT I BOUGHT and the best gifffft
A must have for the smart home designer! I use my echo to control my Phillips Hue lighting, TP Link outlets and switches, Nest smart thermostat and my Home Theater Equipment! Plus having information just a question away is awesome!
Love the tablet, easy to use and loaded with fun for the whole family
I purchased this tablet for a need family for christmas.I know they really enjoyed it
Best thing on the market everybody just pick one of this up
Works great, looks great, readable in bright sun...
I love my Echo so much fun. the set up was so easy .
This is a great tablet to purchase for kids who are just learning how to use a tablet.
It is a great unit to watch movies and tv and it is very portable
Wanted something with a kids mode on it so we could limit time and content. This works. Saw it for a really low price so couldn't resist otherwise we would have gotten the padded kids version.
The other kids got the kids fire but this is comparable.
Purchased for a family member. They love it. Would Recommend.
I love this tablet. It's just the perfect gadget for my everyday life.
This amazon product has met all of my expectations! Great product!!
Amazon Fire has a fast interface and offers all the services you would expect from a streaming box. The Playstation Vue app actually works better on my Fire than on my PS4.
The greatest kindle I have ever owned, Would be great for kids also
Perfect products with perfect recommendations. I enjoy with kindle. Thank you
This is a good beginning tablet. Works well and has lots of preloaded apps to start you off.
Love this product it does just want I purchased it for.
Great price for a great tablet. I would give it a thumbs up!
It's a good starter tablet. I haven't been overly impressed but it does what it needs to do.
Fast, reliable streaming. Haven't had any complaints
I love to read! Books,books, books and more books.
We have enjoyed Alexa. She will play songs for us, give us information, and even tell jokes.
Buy one you will love it. I turned off cable and have one on all my tv.
Perfect for somebody who doesn't want to pay for cable or turn their tv into a smart tv
I was looking for a easy to use tablet for a beginner and this met my needs .
Good tablet for my baby.keeps him busy. I love it.
Had the fire tv stick for awhile and decided to give that to my parents and get this for me and my wife. Both of us were blown away by the difference between the two. So much faster loading everything. Amazed at how when you choose a video to watch and hit play, its there. instantly. Amazing.
I replaced my older Kindle Keyboard, which is larger and heavier than this kindle. Page turning takes some getting used to - I keep touching screen and turning page by mistake. You're able to turn the "side buttons" page turning off, but can't turn the touchscreen page turning off - it sure would be nice to allow page turns only with the "side buttons" - I think this is a major design flaw. Also, the audio option seems to be missing - you can't have books read aloud to you anymore. Also, no 3G. I almost returned this, but didn't get around to it, so I'm stuck with it.
Reasonably priced and worth every penny! I love it.
Easy to use and work great with amzn prime. Lots of flexibility. Not as slick as Apple TV but at half the price a great value
this is Great for reading books or doodling at work.
Great for reading books and not having to lug around that weight
This device destroyed the competition with Google home side by side, so now I have virtually my entire apt connected via Alexa.Such an awesome investment.
we wanted to have echo to join our Alexa experience and also to help out with our grandchildren as they love soothing music as well as enjoy talking with Alexa. Love the design and white color of the unit.
Great kindle. Easy to travel with. Works great in sunlight.
The Kindle gets a lot of use in our house and we've not had a problem with the device after 30 days
Great tablet thats ready right out of the packaging. It comes pre loaded with loads of apps and has a nice feel in the hands. screen quality is nice, the only thing i would like to see changed is the amount of time it takes the kindle to start up and shut down, it can get annoying at times. i have a 2 yo and 8yo and its held up great, dropped on cement and no cracks.
Amazing price in black fire use it with an iPad to watch Amazon prime
5 dollar AC to USB power adapter for 20 buck
Fantastic, I use my fire tv everyday, I tell all my family & friends to buy one. For Christmas I bought them as gifts. This is a must have.
Pretty happy with this so far. Like the fact that you can add memory.
I bought this to replace an older model and am very happy with the product. Mostly used for reading but also for surfing the web, facebook, etc. Love it!!
This is great for ur tv if an amazon customer. Only thing Alexa needs improvements!!
Alexa is entertaining for music, questions etc. I was hoping for something more advanced, like being able to reminder for an appointment 15min before the appt. is schedule. You can set a reminder for 15 minutes....but only from the time you ask alexa...good for cooking but not much else
This tablet is a great buy. It does many things and keeps my kids happy. I'm very pleased, we have 2 of them.
I bought this on Black Friday because of the $35 price. I wanted one since I enjoyed using my wife's. This one is a little smaller than hers, but it works wonderful. I have a lot of books downloaded & about 5 games. It has 8gb of memory so it can't handle a ton of games. It can handle those no problem. I really enjoy reading on this before bed and when I need to pass time.
I like the contrast it is easy to read on outside.
Great but I wouldn't use it for a sole purpose as being my primary tablet
I love it best thing,I've bought in a long time,I didn't know I'd love it so much
Couldn't wait for my son to open his Kindle Paperwhite. for Christmas. He was thrilled to get it. But, powering it up he found out it was lighter, more versatile and enjoyable to use. One of the best.gifts I've given.
Very limited in capabilities. I am used to using "OK Google" on my phone.... Alexa is nowhere near as helpful or intuitive. It's more like Siri Wish it were easier to put iTunes purchases in the Amazon library for Alexa to play. That said, I knew what I was getting. Hoping the technology improved within a couple years.
Product was damaged. Needs lot of improvement on the API's.
Much easier then using phone all the time. Love it.
Simple tablet for beginners. Has everything you neef.
The tablet was perfect for our kids. The easy to you features made it ideal for all ages.
Makes reading books so easy, never loose your place when you stop.
This device is a classic reader for people， also a good gift for students. It is very comfortable to use it.
Great product and would buy again. Awesome for streaming
Speed is great. Backlight is great. The screen isn't reflective - great.
I have more fun with this thing I'm much more likely to play music or check the temperature or news, because Alexia is constantly attached to my network and is always charged and ready to go. There's no pairing required, so I simply call out her name and she responds. There is always a battle between me and my teenager, trying to outshout Alexa instructions, so we can hear the music that we like best!
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
Great product and I would recommend this product for everyone
Simple, easy to use. Keep all the tv apps in one place
My kids love this tablet. I loved the price. With my ipad I cringe when they want to use it. They drop it and I loose $500.00. This little tablet is under $50.
Best product ever my kids love them dearly!!!!!!!!
i would buy this item again. however charging port is
Just what I was looking for. Needed a book that I could take on a vacation
Great speaker. Pretty loud. I like it that controls my hue ligths
My twins love their tablets and I am able to down load lots of educational apps for them.
I bought this to test before I bought more as Christmas gifts for my grand kids. Seems to work fine
It was very easy to set up. Works with my Insteon system to turn on and off lights. Fun to use. New and weather updates. Plays your Amazon Prime music by composer and/or artist.
Great for a older kid,great price and descent quality
I had an older Fire and I must say thus one is definitely an upgrade. Speed of browser and apps opening is faster. Color choices are nice !
It came with loaded advertisement is the only negative.
I had to replace my original Kindle and decided to buy the Kindle fire. The Fire has so many more abilities than my old Kindle but it is difficult to read in direct sunlight.
I purchased this device to interface with Lutron lighting system and a harmony hub remote for my entertainment system and I couldn't be happier. Work great!!
I have enjoyed the Alexa experience. I can be heard from anywhere in the room using a normal voice. Very convenient for making shopping lists which I usually lose before I go shopping.
Purchased for my 8 Year old easy to use and can take a hit. Can't tell u how many times he has dropped it and it works great!
I love it because my grandson can use itEasily to play his games
Lightweight and easy to use or read, the Paperwhite is wonderful! I purchased as a raffle prize for work and plan to get more. I have 2 people that have complimented me on them. They love them! Great item. Would recommend.
Bought this item for my grandson and now we both used it. Bright screen, good wifi connection and memory expandable.
I'm not super thrilled with the proprietary OS on this unit, but it does work okay and does what I need it to do. Appearance is very nice, price is very good and I can't complain too much - just wish it were easier (or at least more obvious) to port new apps onto it. For now, it helps me see things that are too small on my phone while I'm traveling. I'm a happy buyer.
everything started out great, but then about 9 days into owning the fire, could not locate wifi, doesn't work without wifi
Lot of fun to use. Linked lights and temosta to to echo. Works great.
This tablet is simple to set up and it's worth the price. It's perfect for beginners.
Easy to start using and a fun approach to choosing the right program to watch. I am enjoying sharing with friends.
The table is good for someone that just need some entertainment and make amazon purchases
I have the Fire Stick and added the Fire TV. The Fire TV is noticeable faster than the Fire Stick and more reliable. If you like the Amazon interface, which I do, go for the speed.
This is a great tablet for us seniors because it is not overly complicated to use. The 7" screen is just the right size for old eyes. This amazon tablet is perfect for most things we need to use a tablet for. The batteryseems to last a long time. It is a great buy.
I enjoy the product. It was easy to program. My toddler pushed a button that changed the setting. I took the product to the store and the kind salesman corrected the product.
Good replacement for a paperwhite. The addition of the page forward and page backward buttons is huge!
I have the stick also much better than the stick one...
Good job Amazon great product easy to hook up and start watching movies, sports etc.
Needed something to use because Cable got expensive. This does everything I need in one. No longer have to use the smart features on the TV. Netflix, PlayStation Vue, Plex, Amazon Movies all on one box and it runs quickly.
Works excellent...............................................
I love the price of this product. And for the price it gives you Big Bang for the buck. My wife does not use electronics and she has no problem using this.
just bought it and not really happy i really expected more from amazon
I'm pleased with my tablet and service received at your store.
Good tablet for basic used. Just need it for basic functions. Perfect
Extra features are nice and upgrading from the Kindle Paperwhite was fairly simple. Amazon did an automatic system update which was not cool. There should have been an option to update when we wanted, not when they wanted.
Excellent product.Relable.Maximum speed.Fast downloading
I purchased the kindle fire for my six year old daughter and she loves it. She already knows how to work it.
I purchased the Amazon - Fire Kids Edition - 7 Tablet - 16gb for my 75 year old mother after she broke her old tablet by dropping it. It took her a few hours to get used to it. Now, I cannot separate her away from it because it entertains her in so many ways and best of all she can drop the tablet and it will still work.
I love it, I use my ECHO to play old school music, control the temp in my house and to get my morning brief as well as set my alarms.
Works great! Still trying to figure it all out but I have no problems so far. I am looking forward to expanding my uses for it but so far it makes for a great speaker!
For the money it can do a lot, only downside is for the price to be so cheap it is pre-loaded with a LOT of stuff you don't want.
The tablet has been working fine, I would prefer instructions on the PC to explain how to do things versus on the tablet itself, but my older son is able to figure out how to do things and my 7 year old daughter (who got the tablet) seems to be navigating around fairly easily, so I am satisfied so far.
I got this over the Roku Ultra which is 4K compatible, Roku was garbage. The amazon fire tv is a must if you have a Amazon account. Its a great streamer, I have no buffering problems.
My wife and I bought this for my 3 year old daughter to help keep her entertained during car rides, etc.. well now she is completed addicted to it. I guess like many kids get addicted to their electronics. We just set limits to how often and when she can use it. There are also educational games and apps you can down load that help them to learn and prepare for school. My daughter loves playing these games also. Overall a great purchase.
I got this for myself. The price on this is amazing for what you get. Yes I would of liked to get an iPad because I'm very used to Apple an I have a iPhone but the price difference between these it pretty much a no brainier for me.
This is by far the best media box on the market. Easy to setup and extremely easy to use. If you are a Kodi user this by far the best box for it. A+++
I love it my son will enjoy it because it keeps him quiet
You needs to have the fire tv to maximize your prime membership
The amazon fire is a great value for the money. Lots of functionality for under $50.
It works really well with my Amazon prime and Nest
Being a dedicated Apple user (with an iPhone, iPad mini, and MacBook Air), I didn't except to buy an android or Fire (which uses an OS very built on Android) tablet. But with this Fire tablet being sold for just $40 during the holidays, and some of the Google apps (I was most interested in Play Music) offering different functionality on Android/Fire tablets than on iOS devices, I thought I'd give it a try. After using it for 6 weeks, I can say the Fire is easily worth more than $40. It looks great, works well, and is light and easy to handle. The downsides are that the OS seems a little slower than iOS on my iPad, and the wireless router doesn't seem to be as powerful.
My kids love using this device it is perfect for playing games and watching shows
Amazon Fire is a great product. We did have trouble with the remote after a long while, but Amazon was able to help and the App works great
This Kindle is awesome! Put off getting one for way too long. Light weight and cute. Fits in a purse or bag and you hardly know it is there. Reading is simple and easy. Downloading books is a breeze! Don't hesitate to get this Kindle. You will love it.
Great tablet and great price! My dad and my son love it!
Love my Amazon Fire Tablet!! Perfect size to carry in purse
Great product & price, especially for gift giving (especially for children).
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. It helps with her homework and then keeps her entertained after. Fir the price you can't go wrong at all.
We are having a lot of fun with the Echo. Purchased for my boyfriend for Christmas. We've bought a couple of the smart outlets, and it's very convenient to say "Gameroom on" and have the lights and fireplace all come on without having to turn everything on, as our hands are often full when entering the gameroom. Also have it connected to Fitbit, so if I don't have my phone and the Fitbit is charging, I can just ask how I'm doing. Good weather reports and news briefs, and the best part is you can just say, "Stop" when you don't want to hear any more. Convenient saying aloud an item for a grocery or to-do list, then having it on your phone when you get to the store. We've also enjoyed the music (have it connected to speakers in the living room). Only drawback is it can't answer a lot of things. One example, I asked when the new Bladerunner was going to come out, and it could only give me info on the original show.
It's helpful, love playing games! She answering my questions help
No issues since Christmas. Works great. East to use for a 7 year old.
I love it! If I ever get to where I can use even half of its features I'll be satisfied. I bought it because my wife reads all the time, and wanted something that would read to her. We didn't even know about the Movies and other things that are available. The Camera is so nice! All of this and ALEXI too! GREAT!!! Bob Jones...
Had the Fire stick before, which is very good but this is great. Much faster. Able to plug ethernet cables in and not rely on wireless. My buy another!
Initially bought the Amazon Echo Dot liked it. It was fun and entertaining. Sound was not bad for a small unit. But upgraded to Echo Touch, sound was much better quality. Then upped it again to Echo. We gave our Dot to our daughter. But kept the Echo Touch to pair it the Echo, so we can hear same music in multiple rooms, or Living Room and one outside patio, etc., Works great that way. We also have the Bose 20 Wifi and Sound link Mini. Can't beat Bose Sound, but they need to address some technical issue, i.e. cannot pair those two together? Yuh, really !
Auto Updates at all times keeps you current with weather news sports and a great alarm clock with 360 sound
I bought two of these for Christmas presents. One for my grandson and one for my granddaughter. They both love them.
I bought the tablet for my nephew for Christmas. He loves it!!
The echo is a device with great potential. Amazon does need to improve the search feature to make it more useful.
Like the fact that you can add extra memory to this tablet. Overall great for travel for books and videos on Amazon.
Okay, so I have been debating for days on whether to rate this thing 3 or 4 stars, and I still want to rate it 3 and a half, but I have settled for 4 stars. Here is why.PROSThe only real reason I wanted this case over the others is because every other case holds the Kindle in with straps around the edges, and this is the only case that holds the Kindle in while letting you see the whole front side. It holds it in perfectly, neither feeling loose or too tight to get it out. The black leather is genuine leather and smells nice, and while the front cover is very thin (if you tap on it you get a hollow drum sound, and it can be bent without much effort) it takes mild amounts of abuse without a problem. Also, the flap folds back perfectly and when you are reading, you hardly notice the Kindle has a case on.CONSMy main complaint is the quality of the leather. If you compare this to the case for the Kindle 3 (keyboard) the leather is a little thinner but much less durable. I sometimes lightly hold my Kindle between my teeth when I run out of hands, and after a week I can still see my tooth marks (whereas on the K3 case I couldn't). Also, even a mild scratch will either take several days to disappear. UPDATE: Most scratches will mostly disappear so its not as big a problem as I originally thought.The only other complaint is of course the lack of anything to hold the cover closed, but this has actually not been much of a problem for me. Quite often I like to frisbee toss my Kindle onto a nearby soft surface (like carpet or a pillow or bed) and I was afraid the cover would flap open every time, but 10 times out of the 11 I tried it stayed shut just fine.Read more
Speedy delivery. Item arrived as promised. Great gift for someone who has everything and wants a little fun
Fascinating device. Voice recognition is best yet. No irritating wise guy responses like Siri. Integrates spectacularly with Spotify Premium. Can't wait to get my back ordered Echo Dot for my sound system.
We got this as a gift for a child. For a first tablet, it's great! Even for an adult it would work wonderfully.
I couldn't read on my kindle outside so I got the paperwhite. Problem solved.
Great product for Basic use. Runs well for the price of $50.
Thank you, the Fire works great!! My daughter is on it all the time, and I can regulate what she looks at.
This is my second Kindle Paper White, so I'm very familiar with this products.
Ok for a younger teen. Mediocre product. Still worth the sale price.
I have a fire stick for the tv in the living room and I bought the fire box for my bedroom tv. The speed for searches are much faster. My only issue now that just started is with the internet connection it keeps dropping out. I have it hard wire. Not sure what's going on. I think the network port is on the way out.
Great for travel. It is very loud for its size. Over all I love it.
I bought this kindle for the extra size. I have recently been having trouble with seeing clearly so I figured with the size it may be easier. It was and I really like being able to change the color of the fonts and background, it seems to help immensely.
This tablet is perfect and works flawless. I wish i got another one
This tablet has been great. Although I recommend getting a memory card so you have no storage issues!
I love this thing its freakin awesome to own and fun
I love my kindle fire. It does exactly what I need it to do and more
Thought it was to be better than what it is. Mother in law can play games an Facebook on it. Next time I will buy her a samsung
My 8 yr old twin had a tablet previously and we have no idea where it's at. So this time around I didn't want to spend much but wanted her to be able to go to all her fav websites. So far I love it!
The Amazon - Fire TV (2015 Model) works really well, the only negative thing is my remote stopped working after the first day, but I downloaded the app on my phone and it works really well., I have the box behind my tv, and have no problem controlling it with my phone.
Amazon Prime was required in order for us to use the Echo the way we wanted
Nothing beats coming home and reading at night before going to sleep. Plus not having to take the extra space for each books.
This has been great buy. Two friends liked ours and bought one
I bought this for my parents and they love it. They are not tech people by any means and yet they are able to use it just fine.
We bought this tablet for our 4 year old to play games and watch Netflix. He loves it and at this price point, we're not overly concerned if he damages it. We bought a nice foam case that keeps it well protected. We're highly satisfied.
Reading on my commute, or in a waiting room, is a pleasant way to pass time - and convenient
I love my echo. Great speaker clear voice. Fast on answer questions.
Perfect tablet for my 4 year old since he was always taking mine. Love having color options to make it feel more like his.
I was a bit disappointed by the lack of the Android play store, navigation on it is a pain.
One of the best products I bought, it's worth every dime
Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
This is the best child's tablet and some adults like me can benefit from the warranty and matched case
we love our amazon firetv box it does so much for such a nice price
Absolutely just a fun devices lots of options. Learn the device and learn the abilities it can do!!
Used it for learning apps for my 3 yo other than the fact that she put it in the dryer (while I was throwing clothes in there) and completely broke it, it works wonders. It's the 2nd one I've bought.
I bought the Amazon Firebox so I could finally get rid of cable. when I think of all the $$ I will save on cable I may buy another one for 2nd tv. A bit challenging learning how to operate it, Once I do I know I will love it. Thanks Amazon
it's a great way to receive music and get questions answered
The Amazon Echo can do it all. I use it mostly to play music, set timers, and ask it questions but will eventually use it to control household items.
Fast processing , Large app store, fast charge,High quality picture. Quality of tablet housing durable. My son loves it putchased as a bday gift. At a wonderful price under $40.00 while on sale
With the Amazon player, you don't need satellite TV. Saves you lots of money from cable or satellite companies.
I bought this for my 3 and 2year old and it works the same as a free time tablet but for a fraction of the price
My kids really enjoyed this tablet. Its kid friendly...
Cool new product, and it makes everything so much easier to just say what I want and have Alexa find it for me.
I would recommend this streaming device for anyone trying to cut cords and save money.
I love the camera quality and secured apps available for download. But if you're looking for specific apps research to see if it's available first. Had to return to get an android tablet for gaming purposes
Works as expected. Great for watching tv without the need for cable or satellite
Great options, but could always have more. More apps!
High resolution screen with very clear and vibrant color representation.
Great product! Easy setup and easy navigation. Recommended
I bought this for my 79 year old mother. It works great and provides some info as well as entertainment. I wish it could dial her iPhone for her. Maybe next version...
we love this fire box.It gets all of the channels and even new movies that are still in the theater
This speaker's forte is it's drop and charge ability. It does connect with no issues to whatever you have it paired with. The sound quality though is ok...Def not very loud and lacks the lows. But for a small portable speaker which is not expensive I would recommend it.
Enjoy playing games and checking email and face book on this. Still learning everything it can do.
We live our new Alexa. The grandkids have fun asking her questions and she provides us with tons of info as well.
Works as well as the Echo and now has a skill that can enable it to be voice activated rather than having to tap it. Battery charge lasts a long time and sound quality is good. Easy to move around in and out of the house. Will work anywhere you have WIFI. If you have the tap you may not have a need to invest in the more expensive Echo.
I was using a Roku box and various game consoles before this for Netflix, Hulu, and other streaming platforms but the Amazon Fire TV really is the best option out there currently. The device is fast and responsive, includes tons of different apps and integrations and best of all has Alexa support for search. If you're a Amazon Prime member especially, this device is a must have.
I find the picture quality amazing, the size over earlier model is welcome. Also, battery lasts many hours. For the price, it is a real bargain.
I thought $49 for a Kindle tablet was a fantastic price until the Black Friday deal of $35. I did add a 32gb memory card. Kindle Freetime is great. My 6 year old loves the tablet. Works great with many kid friendly apps. I also put a kid proof cover.
Very intuitive and convenient! Can ask anything and get reliable and fast responses!
Great purchase for my granddaughter for Christmas.
Truly power fast.Amazon products are great! Love how the charger is made well, sturdy, and does exactly what it says it will do!
Haven't had this long but so far so good. It's nice when you buy a product and it works exactly how it is supposed to.
My kid enjoys the tablet. This one is inexpensive than ipad. The availability of apps are limited.
Seems to be sturdy and lite weight for small hands
Very good tablet, great options and features for the price.
Very very fast and has 4K awesome video that most players don't have!
Its definitely a great purchase. Its definitely an upgrade from the fire stick.
This was a present for my mother. It was exactly what she wanted. She finds it easy to use and allows her to read Kindle as well.
Bought this tablet to replace a 3 year old Galaxy Tab. This tablet is quick and easy to use, relatively streamlined. The screen is nice and the stereo speakers, while tiny, sound better than my old tablet. The modified Android system that Amazon is running on this tablet is good, just a bit restrictive. All in all a good tab for general browsing and popular apps.Pros:-Price-Performance-Feels sturdy-Easy to navigate-Silk browser works greatCons:-Not all apps are supported on here, like Telegram-Ads on lock screen feel unnecessary, but not a hindrance-Not as customizable as other Android tabs
You can't got wrong with a tablet for less than $60 capable of watching movies and play games. Perfect for kids.
Still learning to use it. I wish it was compatible with Sirius XM radio .There are so many skills to enable.
A good value for the price, easy to use, like the size and weight of the product.
How can you beat a good android based tablet under $100? By making it an Amazon tablet. Great product works great will be using this for years.
The Amazon Fire TV is great. I enjoy watching the news, movies and sports with it
Good for price. One should not expect the quality of iPad from this product
I love my Kindle! It is one of the best Christmas gifts I've received in a long time. It's the ideal version of a book electronically. It's light weight and easy on the eyes. I recommend this Kindle to anyone that loves to read but isn't thrilled about carrying around a hard back or paper book.
I use it primarily for music and also for news, weather, time and entertainment. The only negative I can say is that when I ask it to play music by a specific artist it randomly throws in Christmas music. Christmas music is great in December but it's August.
I definitely recommend the fire tv vs the fire stick
I enjoy the games and Internet access on the Amazon tablet.
Recommend you buy the box not the stick. Better!!!
You can't get much better than this for the price. My only critique is that they might as well have not included the camera because it's useless, but if you're using a tablet for the camera than that is already an issue. Good quality resolution, fast for internet browsing, expandable memory. Lots of positives to be found here.
This was a perfect fit for my in-laws. Their lack of knowledge with tech made this the perfect gift
This thing works pretty good. That is unless you are trying to stream Directv Now reliably. Probably not Amazon's fault though. Everything else works flawlessly.
I love Alexa, I use it mostly to play music, and listen to the weather. I have a slight lisp in my voice and she understands me perfectly, where siri does not. The sound quality is remarkable, and the volume 10 (the highest) is incredibly loud. We use it daily and would replace it if ever didn't work.
I am very happy with the performance of the product.
This is my third fire TV. I have the original Fire TV model as well as the Fire TV stick. I also have multiple Rokus various models. I think this latest Fire TV is my favorite. I love the interface as well as the speed. I just wish Time Warner Cable would approve it for their App so I could use it to stream my cable TV channels like I can with my Roku.
Alexa is extreme;y polite and helpful! Just love asking for particular songs and instantly hearing them play with a crisp sound. Great device!
It works. Not as user friendly as roku. Not as many apps as roku. No google play store.
I bought this tablet to replace my daughters Nook. She loves it. It's great for on the go.
Flashed CM 12 runs great. Runs all the regular android apps and got rid of the amazon skin
I like the product, but I dislike that you have to download every app. I believe it should come with at least a few basic apps.
Good product recommend it to everybody very easy to set up
I got this tablet for my grand daughter and she loves it. She loves playing her princesses games on it. We even got most of her videis on it so she dont have to have internet to watch them.
Works as expected upon purchase., no issues easy setup.
Is great to have hand free speeker and sound very good ... i love my new amazon speeker
This is one of the best buys for the price. Amazon outdid themselves with this one for what you get for the price. This is an excellent gift.
I purchased this product on a whim with a very limited purpose which was to study for an exam while in the middle seat on a long flight. I expected to hand it to my 10-year old after my exam. The surprise was that really enjoy the device and in particular I like the Amazon account integration: On my next flight I was delighted to find that the unit actually downloads my videos for offline viewing! The best part is that I upgraded the memory with a 64GB SD card so now my available content is awesome! Truth is that my first unit inexplicably failed but Best Buy replaced my unit right away and I expect great things with this new device! My son also uses it on long trips!!!
Great Tablet, good value for money. I got this as xmas gift for my famaily.
I had receive an Echo Dot as a present. Its only real weakness was that it was not a good enough sound quality for music. I messed around with external speakers by Blutooth and hard wired, nothing was convenient.. The sound quality on the Echo is good enough for casual listening of music and news.
This is a great deal, especially when on sale for $40. Great for letting my kids watch Netflix on with wifi...
I bought this tablet for my daughter for Christmas. So far, so good. She is able to navigate it easily and there are lots of free games. The battery lasts a decent amount of time. We just charge it at night when we go to bed. The only downfall is you can't watch YouTube on it. I'm not really sure why. I tried researching it and there's all these steps you can take to make it work but I'm afraid I'll mess something up so I haven't tried it. All in all, for $50 it's a great little tablet.
The Alexa is awesome! It's nice to be able to tell her what I need at the store and it goes to my app on my phone.
We love our new echo. I'm sure as time goes on it will just. Keep getting better with updates.
This cord works great! I also love that it is longer than the original cord. The USB is a good thing to have because you could take it with you and plug it into any USB port.
Alexa is very understanding and knows how to please
Bought for my students to use in class if they don't have a cell phone so we can play interactive games. Good price so I was able to buy a few.
Has everything you want in the product . But doesn't have Wi-Fi
Amazon kindle is a very good to keep yourself busy with a good book.
Couldn't go without it. Old one conked out on vacation and this was great. Sister has one too.
I love it. Works great for what I purchased it for
This is my first Kindle and I LOVE It! I considered buying a cheap used one but I'm so glad I went with the Paperwhite! I read in the dark way more than I thought I did. Battery life is amazing!
Very easy to use and the battery life last long on this this tablet. I am very happy that I purchased this item:)
Was looking around for a good cheap tablet and this was the best one I could find especially because Best Buy was having a sale so with the Fire, a case, a stylus and a MicroSD card I only spent a little over a $100. I've been using it just about every day since I got it in December and I've not had any problems with it at all
The kindle paperwhite arrived on time. The screen looks sharper compared to regular kindle.
I am really enjoying Alexa with my echo. I bought my mother in law one for christmas also and she loves it
If you have prime membership, this is a must-have to maximize the benefits amazon offers to you.
got it for my son to replace his old one and for the kids free time app good so far
I am very pleased with Amazon Fire TV, I see my films, my children play games and watch channels
Bought this for my wife on her Birthday, she loves it.
Meets all advertised items in the software. Easy to down load books and screen quality is very pleasant.
It's slick and small and it works great! I love it
I" like it a lot, easy to use , A big improvement over the original, the price was increideble (black friday special)onclude a camera , front and rear, the quality is not as good as a cell phone, but is ok
It was easy to set up and very quick on the upload.
Has everything I wanted. Fast and reliable. Works well with kodi.
Although it isn't really a necessity, it is truly fun to own. Alexa isn't as savvy as Siri; but the ability to play any song on command; and with accessories turn devices on and off is worth the expense.
Alexa is helpful and of course the Bluetooth feature is great
I have wanted an inexpensive tablet for awhile and my wife surprised me with this Kindle for my birthday. It's perfect for my needs.
I have apple tablets and bought the kindle for a book reader. It is truly the best tablet for the price! It works well and the option for added memory is a huge plus! :)
This product my not fully compare to more expensive tablets, but Amazon has made improvements that provide a platform to watch media and read. Further, Amazon has made significant strides to provide a music platform which also improves the value of this tablet.
Great Multimedia solution. I do not have a smart tv and this is a perfect solution All apps I will ever need are available, easy to install and get started and yet very easy to use. Great product.
Good battery life, Good screen clarity, Easy to use.
Gift purchased for my five year old cousin. She has learned how to download various games and movies. She turned it on and immediately started exploring and learning how to work this device. Her mommy said it keeps her entertained and quite while riding.
I bought this tablet for my 6 year old son. The tablet has a nice screen resolution, stay charged for a long period of time and carries a lot of free apps. For the price you are definitely getting more than what you are paying for. I have purchased this item for all 3 of my kids they never complain about the tablet not working or freezing.
This tablet is the best I have seen for $50. The screen is very readable which is more than I can say for anything else at this price.
This product is easy to use. Screen size is great. Would recommend to anyone.
Snappy and reliable performance. This is exactly what I expected its little brother to be. Works great with our system. We generally use our Echo as the speaker and they work well together. My only real complaint is the lack of certain apps, Vudu in particular, but I can't blame that on the device or its manufacturer - that falls to the app developers.
Excellent product I would recommend to anyone. Very happy
Love the feel of it and love the page turn buttton.
Great tablet. Lots of features. Good memory and quick response when connected to wifi.
Great tablet, excellent price. Kids and adults enjoy watch movies, play games, internet, etc.
I have only had it for 2 days now but have played games, set up my email and figured out how to read books on it. It seems very responsive and I have begun learning the all the finger moves to run it.
It is a lot more then I was after. I can watch my Netfix and do more
I am more interested in Kindles for learning apps, and all educational books for adults & children (all ages).
I purchased this for my mother in law. She is getting old and wanted something she could see.The font size was never quite right for her and she was often confused by all the attempts this device makes to sell you something. It really wasn't a good fit for her.The device died approximately 1 week after purchase. We returned it for a refund.
Great box for Playstation Vue and Kodi. Works great and easy to set up.
Great product works really well for the money, !!!
The value of this device is amazing​, the battery life could use some work tho
Fire is all that I was hoping for and much more...
I use this for time tracking, music and inventory control in our woodworking shop. Works great, easy setup and no complaints.
My husband and I purchased 3 of these for each of our kiddos and to say they're a hit would be a massive understatement. And the parental controls on these are awesome. We love our new Fires!!
GReat an fun product for the whole family. Kid wakes up an asks Alexa the weather to get ready.
I love this! I use it for my crochet patterns as well as my books!
Love Alexa....it works so well. Speaker system is excellent and it is amazing how many things it does!
It was time for me to upgrade and glad I did. This Fire HD 8 is bigger, more apps, easier to switch from one application to the other, features more songs, great addition of audible, and glad this version includes a charger. I love the fact that I can play movies and fall asleep. Once the movie is done, the table goes off. This is a cheap tablet, but you get more bang for your buck!
The quality of display is better than expected for the price. (Keep in mind that this is not an iPad!). Apps from amazon are well integrated and the functionality is fully enjoyable without limitation. Very satisfied with the product. This review is for Fire HD 8, 16 GB.
Tablets are best used for personal reading. Clear and it like a book. you dont have to sahre
I bought this tablet for my girl of 12 years old ,and I bought the fire kid tablet for my other kids ,they loved it , is an great tablet , great prices, easy to use it , the tablets came with cases so everything is in the packet for one prices ,so I'm really happy with this product
Although I really like having a physical book to hold onto, I really like being able to travel with this and not have the bulk of several real books. It also make borrowing books from my local library really easy.
All w o raked f reat
Still adjusting...had kindle fire and liked the ease of touch for turning pages, definitions and location in book. Paper weight is Much more difficult to maneuver, doesn't seem to be as touch sensitive as the fire. I have to repeatedly touch screen to get page to turn and definition accessibility also takes more work. Also, bookmarking doesn't seem to stay on page.
Bought this for my 1 year old daughter for the learning games has a great variety of apps definitively recommend and cant beat the price only $50
My kids love the Amazon fire.Great for all ages, love parent control option. Great for every day on the go use. From movies,games , reading, and even to keep track of emails and friends. :0)
These made great christmas gifts for my family that isn't too tech savvy but they love them and use it frequently!
Very useful to keep my little cousins occupied with educational games
I really enjoy my e-reader. It is light, and easy to use.
This item was a replacement for a misplaced/lost Kindle Voyage. It is my go-to eReader, compact, light-weight, and read anywhere (bright sun, shade, at nite) device. The Kindle Paperwhite could have been equally useful, but I was spoiled with the Voyage. As a note, I also have an iPadMini and an iPad Air2, but they are much heavier to lug around.
Replaced a kindle 6 that crashed so fare everything is great. Larger screen fast response,more storage. Don't have to charge as often. Well pleased.
Very easy set up, still learning all Alexa can do. Currently use her to play my shuffle station on Pandora. Very good speaker quality.
Loved the gift my daughter can't put it down kid friendly
My oldest loves it, the charger doesn't last long.
So far so good. Works well. Only been using for about two weekswith no problems
Absolutely love this tablet. This is the second one we have purchased for our 1.5 year old. Our 3 year old has one as well
This tablet has exceeded all of my expectations. This was purchased to replace a 4 year old iPad mini, and I could not be happier. This work great.
Easy to read. Great for travel. Has been an excellent purchase.
Pick this up on impulse. Love it, have to go take it from the kids all the time.
As I said, The item worth more than the price. It was emailed/introduced to me by bestbuy.com and I am lucky to buy it.
I bought it for my fianc and he can't get enough of it. Awesome purchase.
I haven't used a product like this and man I have to tell u it's better than apple products
I got this on sale. It's hard to imagine getting any more value for such a low price.
I bought this fire tv for our second tv in the house. We got one previously for the family room. I love my fire tv. It gives me so many options to watch. We cut our cable tv out February 1st and haven't missed it at all
Great way to start kids onto using a device with technology
Easy to read and the books are easy to download and less expensive than paper books and save on the storage space that paper books require.
The Kindle is everything I expected it to be and fits all the needs that I had of this item
My grandchild grabbed it and giggled. I love anything that makes a loved one happy.
it works fine... it's a charger!!
at first I was super impressed but there are times when Alexa has voice recognition issues. overall not a really big deal so I would purchase again.
I love the product. I'm very happy but I would like even more if the page number was displayed when reading books on this tablet, in case I wanted to refer back to a certain page.
love this tablet, I would so recommend this for others
Great tablet I purchased 4 for my nephews!!!!!!!!!
Had put this off thinking my iPad would suffice but it was hard on my eyes. The Paperwhite is easy to download, much lighter to hold while reading, compact enough to carry in my purse when I have some downtime for reading, and emits a much kinder light for reading at night. Just what this book lover needed!
I'm an Amazon Prime & Netflix costumer and I just love this thing. I no longer have Comcast TV only antenna and two Fire TV's. Absolutely love it. It's fast as long as my internet is good.
Great for reading and for browsing on the web. Perfect size!
My product rating is based on my experience with my own Fire I received last Fall as a gift. I purchased this Fire as a Christmas gift and the recipient seems to be happy with it. I would like to be able to manage the material on the Cloud easier but this may have been addressed with the newer model.
I run kodi and many other apps on It! Runs great for the price. I like the Nvidia Shield more but this is a third of the price!
this purchase was not for me but i decided ti purchase it for my wifeher name is rebecca.
This was gift, and it was totally unexpected. It is amazing. I cant wait connect it to other equipment. The TV, The Thermostat. It's like being Captain Kirk.
This is a great tablet for the money. The only thing I would like to see is a longer battery life. Otherwise it's perfect
Bought 2 of these and love them! First 1 was for me. 2nd one was for my daughter. Very slick interface and allows for super fast streaming. Easy to setup and easy to use. Probably will buy the gaming controller for both of them next.
Great product would recommend to anyone. Works great.
I purchased the Kindle after researching readers online, I have had it for a month and it is awesome!
Very good deal when I bought it, even better pricing than from Amazon itself
My granddaughter loves it! Long battery and is tough.She loves all the games and she learning so muchEveryday.
It's a bit pricey but that is not Best Buy's fault since Amazon controls that. It's convenient for traveling (especially at night since it has the built-in light feature) and it's very small and light to carry around.
Easy to use, providing many options and ability for add-ons, really great!
Can't go wrong, for the price. I would certainly buy another one.
My children just loves this tablet. It's easy to use and a perfect size for them.
I have 2 grandsons that have been wanting a tablet, so on Christmas Day they are going to be so happy!
I bought one for my 7 year old and one for my 3 year old. I love that I completely control the content and time use. It's easy to use, and small enough for kids to hold.
The benefits of having the kindle fire with expandable memory has been a blessing. Everyone in my family uses the prime benefits and having a kindle for exclusive use is awesome! The benefit of adding memory is way better than the newer version with limited memory of 8 or 16G.
Loving my new Kindle. Debated long and hard over weather to get one and then which one. Great decision!
Great Price. Good alternative to downsizing cable package
Simple to use. Has its hiccups but for 50 bucks its the best bang for the buck. Purchased for my 6 year okd to replace an older generation model
Perfect for that age group that I bought it for she 10and loves it.
Bought it for my mother in a nursing home, and didn't want to take a chance of an expensive tablet getting stolen. The childproof settings are perfect for the situation to prevent random purchases. The buttons for sending email are too small for someone whose eyesight and manual dexterity aren't perfect. It's a bit slow on response time, but for the cheap price, a minor inconvenience in this situation.
The Amazon Fire TV is excellent for streaming video. Also a great platform to install Kodi.
Awesome product we enjoyed a lot very easy to use with no problems
Small enough to carry every where. When he is using it, you can hear a pin drop.
Had an older kindle and this new model is way better. The lighting is much improved.
One of the best products to have, save so much money on the long run. I use this instead of having cable and it works even better. It's half the cost of one monthly cable bill and I have access to 100x more channels. You will need one amazon tv box per tv unless you don't mind moving it from the living room to the bedroom.
Works for a child. It's a good tablet, I guess my complaint would be the charging port. Not very stable.
You can't beat the price. Great deal for what you're paying.
Very easy setup via smartphone App. Easy to use. Like the shopping list feature.
Faster than the stick. Overall it is great. 4 stars due to occasional buffering or errors. My internet speed is fast enough, so it isn't clear if internet or box is issue. I use with PlayStation vue and I am happy with it and cancelling cable!
I am very happy with my purchase I can read books on the go I don't like having to carry a lot of luggage so the compact myth of this product makes it personal for traveling on planes and trains
This is a great value product and is (for me) an equal to an ipad.
I love it it does everything I want can't believe how great it is
Grandkids and adult parents love it. The parents texted and the grandkids play games.
The Amazon Fire TV system was very easy to set up. I was actually surprised at how little the box was, and just how awesome the apps and downloadable games were that you can be use on the Amazon Fire TV. I ordered all my Amazon Fire TV apps online at Amazon and Google Play Store. I am an Amazon Prime and Google Play Store member. I bought this for one reason, and that's Kodi, it's an awesome app for Amazon Fire TV and Fire Stick, and for the sd card reader on Amazon Fire TV it's easy to install and get up and running. The Fire TV doesn't have any issues that I can't fix, and the controls and action and responsiveness to the remote are very smooth. Also the voice control works wonderfully. Highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to cut the cable.
We bought this for our son. He is rough on electronics. Great price
Love being able to use voice commands to play spotify, get weather updates, set timers, etc. I also connected it to my Smart Things hub so I can not control the lights in my condo via voice.
I bought this for my mom who is a first time tablet user. It is easy to use and I love that fact that I did not spend a fortune to get her started!
We opened the box, and started working. We added bunch of light switches and outlets, and the operation is perfect.
My first Kindle, but the backlight feature is great
Love the kindle. Easy to use and lots of free books to read
I don't really care about the built in Amazon apps. I use this tablet for Xfinity TV streaming and it works great. Since it's Amazon, I don't expect them to abandon updates like the cheap Chinese tablets. It's not speedy fast, but for the money it is hard to beat.
I love my Kindle. I won't be without one. I've even bought an extra one, just in case. I believe it's the best tablet on the market.
Good affordable tablet, my daughter loves it. Buying at Best Buy was easy and painless.
She doesn't always understands me but I still like it
I bought 4 already and So far my cousins love it. Still working great, easy to use, great size for kids.
You can't beat the amazon fire tablet. especially for only $50!! I bought one of these for each of the kiddos and one for myself. With the amazon prime membership these tablets are on FIRE
This kindle is by far the best one I've had. I have zero complaints.
This device has been designed taking into account performance. In the past I used SmartTVs to see online content such as Netflix and Youtube, but the experience was always bad (slow response, hangs/freeze because of low memory, horrible interface and complicated controls). Now with the Amazon Fire TV everything works as expected: (1) Always ready, no need to shutdown, no need to wait, just turn on the TV and you are ready to play, (2) It's fast, very fast, no need to wait for loading apps, exiting or entering, (3) controls are very easy to use, very responsive - the multi-core processor is magic!Also, you can select from almost any streaming service you prefer (Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, Crackle, etc). Other devices offer less streaming options - is not because you need all of them, but you can change your mind at any point of time and you will not be stucked with your device.
this is a great item, I used it to replace my tv. A+
Excellent bargain and works for all purposes that a tablet is needed for.
The Amazon Echo is fun and easy to set-up and use. Very useful.
Set up was easy and quick. Easy to learn how to use. It seems to be learning new things.
Awesome tablet kids loved it they can't drop it they use it for games videos and homework
Does everything my kindle did for half the price!!
Bought the Kindle for my grandkids they just love they play with it all the time they use it to read books play games they just love it
Fire tv box is awesome I use it everyday love streaming 4k content. Super smooth streaming, especially comes with Alexa. It's a must have never need a cable box or dvr again. Add an sd card and plenty of room for games all your apps.
The Kindle/Amazon Fire HD Tablet is not a high priced item but it is everything I want from a tablet. Easy to use, easy to read and easy to pay for. A great tablet
Excellent ratio quality price. Lightweight. Good resolution and easy to use.
Would give it a 5 star if the battery lasted as long as they claim. But it's worth the extra charging times for the nice design. So light and easy in your hand especially without the cover. But, using the cover is comfortable as well. The leather cover smells a bit when it arrives but I let it air out for a few days before using it and now it's fine. Nice quality leather and I love the merlot color. The page turn buttons are easier to use than the buttons on the voyage. Screen looks the same even though they claim there are more backlights on this one. I'm very happy with my Oasis.
I bought this as a Christmas gift. I'm told that they are enjoying it and are very Happy with all it can do.
Purchased to replace the one I bought for my brother in August (physical damage). This time, bought the extended warranty. No issues or claims so far!
The tablet works great, we have several versions of the Kindle, Fire tablets and have never been disappointed. This one is also great, and the price was perfect.
I do not regret making this purchase. So many movies and shows to choose from. Bang for your buck
The Amazon Echo is a really fun thing to play with. We always try to find new things to say to it which would make it say something funny. The Echo has been the most helpful in our home for creating shopping lists for everyone in the house with a phone. If any of us find ourselves at the store, we know what the others want. Shopping on Amazon is really easy and fun as well. There's a whole bunch of apps so it won't be hard for you to find what will make the Echo useful to you specifically. We love it. I couldn't recommend it more.
great improvement over the earlier versions. Like the option of a lighted background and speed of loading
It is an excellent tablet, however it's app store is not as good as android.
Bought the echo a month or so ago, so far love the ability to ask questions and get answers. Will likely be purchasing another, or a dot for my mother as she loves it as well.
such big sound from a tiny cylinder . I originally purchased to only listen to music but end up loving the technology and use the Alexa features almost everyday!
My daughter is going to love this for christmas!!! Thanks best buy.
great little box for streaming alot of media content.
Gift for great nephew. Have 2 that are 5 and 6 y/o. Both love these tablets because each got one. Play with them as much as Mom allows.
It's not the fanciest tablet out there but it does everything I need it to do and does it well. It was on sale for 39 bucks! I already got my money's worth. Great buy
Great tablet for the price. Purchased this tablet and have not regretted it.
Great sound..music sounds live as if at a concert..love that it seems to have a personality..does more than I imagined. The weather, news time date plays local radio stations and any song or app on my smart phone..can use in any room..loving my purchase.
I've read three books in less than a month! Before, I had a problem with getting tired while reading and my eyes hurt from the book light I had to use; but with the back light on the paper white I can adjust it perfectly to my liking! I love it!
I purchased this for my wife her old Kindle fire bite the dust. This unit has better contrast and is easier to use. She loves it.
It is exactly what I needed! A plain ol' reader! No color, no apps! Just books, and I can read outside!
Better than the stick 2 x the memory and speed great for streaming
Easy set up-great deal for the price! Perfect gift
Awesome tablet for young children. They love to play all the videos that it came equipped with already on it.
My two year old learned how to operate my smart phone so I decided to get her a tablet. After looking at various toy and educational versions, this seemed like the best choice. The preloaded apps are fun and educational. The ability to set daily time limits is great as I didn't want this to becoming a replacement for playing outside or an instant babysitter. Also the ability to switch profiles and operate like any other kindle fire is nice for when my wife wants to read. Great deal with a good manufacturer warranty. Very pleased with it.
Much easier to read without a heavy book, especially in bed.
If, like I, you own an earlier generation Kindle that isn't a Paperwhite, this latest model is WELL WORTH THE UPGRADE.If you don't, it's like having a wider but really no thicker or heavier iPhone 6 Plus to read your Kindle app books (and to use Goodreads) on outdoors. (It even has Airplane Mode.)It had me at its crisp, crisp backlit display and quick response to touch. (I had to really press vs. tap on the older Kindle, and it was so slow to take/load.)
Very happy with this purchase.
I bought this Best Buy! They are great and hook me up with the best deals :)
Really like to read ebooks on the Kindle. The contrast is perfect so there is no strain on the eyes. The smooth feel gives a good user experience.
I bought this for a child & she loves it, have trouble getting her away from it sometimes lol. Haven't had any issues with it in almost 2 months of having it & even with a toddler who loves to grab things that aren't hers & throw them it's held up pretty good
This is great for kids, it grows up with them, all the apps are good. My kid loves it
What I like is it its sound, it's portable and I use it at work. The sound fills the whole office.
INEXPENSIVE GREAT TABLET/E-READER. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
I purchased this to have a smaller footprint tablet. Could use more popular apps but still great for keeping the library at the tip of the fingers and a camera to boot.
this amazone fire tv is so awesome, you can download the apps called UVERSE yes if your cable is UVERSE u can play it with this app you can bring it to your neigbor or somewhere else..
Amazon makes an amazing product that turns any tv into a smart TV. Slim, sleek and extremely easy to install and use.
I love this Kindle. Easy to read outside in the daylight. It is much lighter than my previous version. I just ordered a new case for it.
I thought this was a silly Christmas present at first, but now it is my most favorite Christmas present EVER!!! You can do so many things with it, it saves me tons of time, and they come up with new "skills" for it daily! I am giving each of my kids one, and my husband is so impressed with it that he is going to get a Dot to keep upstairs!!! I used to live my life with post-it notes, now I use Alexa instead!!!!
I have purchases 2 of the Amazon - Fire TV (2015 Model) - Black.
It was a great present for my grandma. It is very easy to use.
We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
My daughters 3 or 4th kindle. She loves it and is always playing on it
Reader is lightweight, easy to hold and makes reading much easier--less of a burden with lengthy tomes.Reader is effortless to learn how to use and access other books within our library.
good speaker. 8 hour battery. Good price. Excellent quality in how it is made.
Wife really likes it. Works great& likes the front & back camera.
We are enjoying it so far. We really like the fact that you can play games one it. I would definitely recommend.
I purchased this tablet based on price and the reviews for tablets in this price range. It has performed well for my child. I especially love the parental controls that are easy to setup and the ability to have multiple profiles on 1 device. I'm now thinking of buying one for myself to replace a stolen iPad.
Beats having cable with a faster processor than the firestick. Nice!
Bought for a 6 years old she loves it and is always on it great starter tablet
Works well for beginner or a child. Great gaming tablet
Alexa is a great addition to the household. Very user friendly and so many questions/commands to be used.
Love the echo, worth the price. Very entertaining and good for quick assistance.
This is one cool item. It doesn't take up a lot of space, has a great sound and is like having a personal assistant.
So easy to read and very easy on your eyes. Recommended for storing your books.
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo and would suggest everyone to get one!
My grandson takes it on trips and he loves it. It's easy to use.
Definitely enjoy using this at home. I was surprised at how intuitive it is and was able to answer any question in seconds. I mostly use it to play music through Amazon player. I know there's tons more it can do and can't wait to take advantage of all its capabilities.
Upgraded to this unit from a paperwhite (that I left on a plane somewhere).I find this unit to be a lot crisper, a lot speedier, and overall more pleasurable to use.I purchased the Amazon brand leather-type case with stand-up foot. It adds a bit of girth to hold on to, while reading.The unit is incredibly slim.Battery life is excellent - even when using the backlight.
Battery life isn't great, but overall for what I paid it is a good tablet for my kids. I did inadvertently purchase the wrong color and when I returned to the store to exchange it, the store mgr was a bit of a jerk and would not allow me to do so, despite being Elite Plus and being under 45 days. That aside it's a good tablet, but I was very disappointed in the customer service issue.
This was a Christmas present for my wife's sister. She is tech challenged, after I initially set it up for her, she has really been enjoying streaming music and talk radio
This is a kid friendly tablet good for gaming and learning games as well. Glad we got it.
The tablet was on a great day! I purchased multiple for a conference and they proved to be very effective and reliable.
I read every single review for this cover before I decided to buy it, but I am glad that I finally decided to pull the trigger. I have never had a Kindle or another cover, so my review is based on a first-timer's perspective. This is my feedback:1) I agree that this cover is expensive. Ridiculously expensive. But, after pricing other covers and other lights, then factoring in that I would have to buy replacement batteries for any other light, it did not seem like I would be saving much money if I bought something else. Plus, the fact that the light is built-in was very appealing and turns out to be extremely convenient.2) Yes, the cover should have had a magnet or something for closure. That was the main reason for my initial hesitation, not the price. I thought about using a rubber band around it, but some people mentioned that a rubber band would look ugly around the pretty cover (which, by the way, is quite pretty in the wine purple color). I ended up knitting a small little sleeve to slip over my Kindle cover to keep the cover closed, for additional protection, and to prevent scratches, because:3) The cover does scratch quite easily. I agree with one reviewer who did not seem to mind the scratches on the cover, because doesn't that show that the cover is doing its job to protect the Kindle But, it does sound like the same cover for the Kindle Keyboard was much more durable. It would be nice for the cover to keep looking fresh and new, but I would rather my Kindle be protected than for my cover to look perfect. My little knitted sleeve is helping with that, but I know a lot of people wouldn't want to use an additional cover.4) Some people commented that the cover added too much to the size and weight of the Kindle. ReallyRead more
I mostly use the Echo for home automation tasks, like controlling my thermostat and my Harmony remote control. Still new to it - learning how I can use it to assist with shopping and to-do lists. Love the fact I can change my default music service to Spotify and have it stream music wherever I want. If you're into automation, get the Echo!
We own an Echo and purchased this one for my in-laws. We really love ours. My in-laws love theirs as well. Easy to setup and use. Amazon is constantly adding capabilities. It is a great gift for a great price.
A great blessing for all sorts of information. 10 minutes to setup... unbelievable amount of information and assistance.
This was a gift to a friend and she loved it! It's great for a starter tablet and would recommend it to anyone looking for a tablet at a great price!
Purchased the 8 inch Fire tablet during Black Friday and have been using it since. A great deal.
Once the tap was able to be activated by voice I started to have some interest. Having said that I notice I do use the 'Tap' button when I have it in my hand. We use it mostly outside and by our hot tub. Took is on vacation this last week and use it at the beach using cell phone as an access point.
I love it, am a big reader and enjoy having the fire. Beacuse I get to read and surf the internet. And is small not to big
I bought 3 of these for my mom, MIL and 6 year old. All love it. You can not go wrong at all for the price. And it's very sturdy. Love it!
Excellent tablet for watching movies and TV. Get the extra memory SD card and you will be good to go.
Great product from Amazon that does not fail. Package well!
Bought this tablet for my wife. Basic email, Facebook and web surfing. Does everything you need to and for the price no other tablet came close. Second fire tablet we bought. I am using mine to write this
Love it, vivid HD color, it replaces other devices I have. Watch movies, play games, read e books.
The kindle is great not only is it a reader its bascially a computer. It connects to the internet it takes pictures and has many other great features.
Great all around tablet. Color and resolution is very nice. Best price for a nice product.
I love the easy access to all of the apps especially the Netflix app.
Plan to buy a second a second Amazon Kindle for a hi e year old.
This tablet is great for my son. It's easy for him to access and download apps, play music and enjoy video racing games. Great value for the price!!!
Very good tablet for my daughter she has really enjoyed it
I thought this would be a good idea to buy my children. After I spoke with an associate at best buy and explained that I wanted this my my small children so they could play on YouTube he told me that it would work food for that. Well that was not the case I cannot ever get on you tube and my kids have not even used it after they initially tried.
This is an accessible tablet and easy to use, great for kinds and granma
purchased as a gift for my 8 year old niece she absolutely loves it and it is easy for her to use. Mom loves the parental settings on it as well!
Great for a 2 yr old, and will use it till he's older
Use every day. So easy to use. Perfect size. Will be great when traveling. Love it.
Everything I was looking for! My mother needed a larger viewing area than her phone for Internet.
Great for music ,movies and games a lot of space 7 inches
I love my fire tv i like it better than cable because it cost last great to have in every room.
I received the Standard Kindle as a gift and upgraded to the paper white. It is perfect for all settings and is super easy to use. The backlights and adjustable dimmer makes it perfect in any light. I am reading so much more now with my new Kindle Paperwhite. Absolutely love it!
I got this tablet for my mother in law. She is not a tech savvy person but it so easy to use. She connected it to wifi and now lives on it during her off time. I didn't expect a lot because it was inexpensive but it was well worth the money and I will be getting the exact same model for my mother.
Bought this hoping for a cheaper version of iPad. Not familiar with OS. overall, not excited about it
It's no iPad, but it's also dirt cheap. A great rough and tumble tablet.
This was purchased for my 9 year-old to play games, watch movies, and read on. When we set it up, I was extremely impressed with the quality that we got for the price! It's processor is fast enough so that his games run smoothly. Setup was a breeze, and it's very sturdy. This is a great lower price tablet for anyone looking to own a nice tablet for an extremely affordable price.
My grandson always enjoyed my kindle so when I saw the 7 inch Kindle on sale before Christmas I knew he would love it.
It works great and fun great to use can't wait to buy some acceries going to get prime
I am familiarizing my self with no conclusion to say something about it now.
I already has an older version of the Kindle, but this one is even better. I love the touch screen and the ability to scroll without buttons.
Alexa is very easy to use. I just plugged it in, downloaded the companion app, and was surprised how much it could do with a few voice commands. I highly recommend it for beginners in home automation devices. The more I use it, the more intuitive​ it becomes. I am going to purchase one for my 86 yr old mother too.
It's fast, content is great and as long as no HDR isn't an issue, it's a great alternative to the Shield at half the price.
The echo was set up easily and very fun to play. The speaker is good quality for playing music. The timer and shopping list are convenient features. Nice to have one.
The Amazon Echo is a great device that continues to evolve. Not perfect yet, but the fact that it continues to get better with new skills is encouraging. Setting it up and connecting to my other smart devices was easy and has worked seamlessly ever since.
bought for a birthday gift my daughter loves it. the clarity and the dictionary and vocabulary builder are great tools she says
This is my third kindle and is the best by far. The smaller size is great because it fits nicely in my purse so I never leave home without it. Other great features are page turning, adjusting light and weight.
I bought this to replace my Nook since it was such a great deal..it did not disappoint. Great graphics sharp fun games and free apps.
Its pretty cool. A lot of teaching it things, but once you get it down easy from there. I am able to control the TV, hue lights and listen to music from any Bluetooth device connected.
This is the 2nd one I have bought. The first one went out before the 1 year. I contacted Amazon and the warranty for these was only 90 days. It is a good tablet for kids, but if you are looking for something long term. I would spend the extra $$ for at least something that has a 1 year limited warranty.
Was given a Kindle from Best-Buy stock.... it was white but from the package labeling you can't tell the color and return it.Got the BLACK KINDLE... college student son loves it for all the class reading he has to do..... connects to college wifi seamlessly and downloads the syllabus and assigned readings.Easy to carry and read indoors or outdoors.
Reallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly
If you want a Tap to make use of Amazon's Alexa voice services, then dont get one. The Tap is a fine enough Bluetooth speaker for wireless music, but the need to touch a button for voice services renders it far less valuable.
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas gift for one of my grandchildren, so they won't get it until then. It hasn't even been opened at this time. Overall rating is based on product reviews.
I havent played it at all but my son enjoys playing with his. Thats what it was meant for so I cant complain.
Our 5 year old grandson loved it. Bought it for him to play educational games on.
PICKED THIS TABLET UP ON BLACK FRIDAY. WHAT A GREAT DEAL. WORKS AWESOME AND HAS ALL OF THE AMAZON APPS.
Takes getting use to asking the questions in the right way. Alexa is still learning so at times can be frustrating when asking questions. Great for music, weather, dates, and schedule requests. Its an entertaining companion when your home and enjoying some private time.
I got the paperwhite as a replacement for my 1st generation Kindle. It has great features, but is still easy to use. I like that it is not backlit like a tablet, making it much easier on your eyes.
Friendly to use . Size was perfect and easy insts.
Told myself I wouldn't buy another e-reader until it was water-proof. I got this for Christmas and have loved everyday since. It's lighter than carrying most books and it's non-glare and also back lit.
This was my first Alexa device and until I got a dot I was very satisfied with it After the Dot, I missed the voice activation. No Amazon has updated the software to where it will respond to voice commands so not problems with it at all . You need to keep it on the charge stand if you are going to use voice commands.
I got the tablet for my two year old son and he loves his tablet.
Very easy to set up and to use. I have not used the voice control yet but will soon
Was told by sales person I could come back in a week with receipt to get $30 off (Black Friday price). Customer service lady said they don't do that. I was misled. Item itself is okay.
Only difference with this and the echo dot is that this has better speakers. It may be worth it on sale. Siri works as good as Alexa, FYI.Recommend only if you get a really good deal.
Very easy to use, compact to carry. Great value for price.
My 10 year old absolutely loves his fire. He can download his favorite games as well as his favorite books to read.
Great for media consumption. Screen seems sharp enough unless you get unbearably close to it. Wifi connectivity is good. Speakers sound poor but I didn't expect any better from an 80$ tablet. Have had this tablet since November and is still going strong. Only complaint is the slow charging. but it isn't too bad.
This is a great tablet for the right price. I bought two of these tablets as gifts to my sons. They were pleased.
My Echo hasn't updated to the latest version that allows for hands-free operation. I'm not sure what the problem is.
I use this not just for amazon prime, but I love the convenience of adding other apps like Netflix and sling. No need for a dish outside the house to enjoy tv
Easy to use. I would recommend it to anyone whit kids
I have bought the cheaper tablets for my kids, in the past, however, the sales associate recommend this tablet, and it was only 10 dollars more. So far, I am really impressed by the difference in quality.
Great features and for an excellent price. I bougth it for my son, 6 yrs old. It allows me to control what features he can use, Apps, books, videos, etc. He used an Android one (my wife's) before, and with this he still has access to all the apps he regularly used.
Great build qualityGood screen resolution for the moneyCan install android applications -including kodi
Upgraded my kindle. I wanted to have the internal light for the screen. The purple kindle cover fits perfectly and ensures for safe transportation. I was able to easily upload all my books from my older kindle to re-read. Now I can enjoy my kindle at night without bothering anyone with the lights on!!
I wish echo could play music (at the same time with the same song)to other dots in the house
I love having Alexa! My fave thing is the shopping list. I look through my home and ask Alexa to add items to my list so I never forget anything!
Amazon Fire is an excellent choice and cost effective, havent had any troubles, it works perfect!
The perfect tablet for a beginner. Also at the super low price its hard to find a better bargain.
There's a lot of features and we are just getting started with Tap. Glad we made the purchase!
Excellent Ereader if that is all you are looking for. Probably a bit over priced for the casual reader, the Voyage is wonderful for those looking for the best reading experience and are willing to pay the price tag and trade the lack of functionality.
This is a great product second one i purchase recomend it.
Love it anyday compared to Apple TV.Can program it and add your own apps with ease.
It's hard to give a review cause it's stuck on Amazon home screen. It might be a good product but I don't know
This tablet is the best one we've ever bought. And, the least expensive! It satisfies all of our needs; email, Facebook, Candy Crush, YouTube, Bluetooth broadcasting to a remote speaker. We love it. No frustration whey using the keyboard or finger clicking on icons or commands!
Great companion if you already have an echo and need something on the go. Love that this stream and plays Prime music. Battery life could be a little better and sound is good for speaker this size but not the best.
The kindle fire works really well for my sone he is learning a lot
All the shows and one third of the price of cable.
Great sound from a small speaker. Responds well to verbal commands
Alexa runs my whole house love it does what I want her to do the best and best buy is number 1 to me
Awesome product, fell in love with it the minute I turned it on
Its a great tool, however it was hard to use in the beginning. Not sure what happened but I had a hard time connecting to the WiFi at the hotel I was stating at.
Take it out of the box and it is basically ready to assist any questions you throw it way. Lots of fun and a great way for quick information.
This little device is great. It has a quick set up and easy instructions
my 2 almost 3 year old son for Christmas it is great even for adults as well very sturdy and holds but to a wild 2 year old
We purchased this as a replacement for a tablet our son previously had. No bugs, no lagging, graphics are great, sound is great, lighting fast. Works perfect as we have an Amazon Prime account.
I take this with me when I don't want to carry heavy books. White background much easier to read than original gray.
Replaced original paper white with this new model and the recipient just loves it!!
Like the voice command option to search for shows I want to watch.
Good Christmas gift for a small time reader. Would buy again
great product so good in fact I bought 4 of them. 3 as gifts and they love thiers too.
Purchased Amazon Fire for my sister-in-law. She really likes it. It uses it for mainly reading her books.
Purchased this for voice command capabilities which work great. Great product.
It is a great product would buy another one soon .
Great tablet. Love reading my books, playing puzzles, and going on basic social apps.
Bought this for my wife for our anniversary she loves it
We can do many things with this Fire. All best entertainment that our family can have from it. Amazon products is better and better day by day!!! Keep it up like that.
Good tablet for the price, and excellent for kids.
charging port fault appeared in tablet after 2 weeks of purchase from BB, I went to BB store for warranty claim, they said to contact Amazon for any issue, Amazon said they didn't recognise my order in their system. Ended without any remedy.
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old it's a good tablet for the 33 dollars I paid. I just wish I could remove some of the Amazon apps.
Bought it for my nephew for an upgrade and he enjoyed it more.
To begin with this is the best reader available right now. Brighter than the pw2. Just awesome. Whether or not its a worthwhile upgrade from the paperwhite is another topic. Either way, it's a great piece of hardware- light, good grip, light etc. there is one HUGE issue however! The background light is not uniform- it is tinged yellow towards the top and blue towards the bottom of the device. For a $200 device thats unacceptable! How much that bothers u will be subjective and u wont notice it as much once u get into your book. The problem was present on all 3 devices I purchased (and returned), to the exact same degree. I kept the last one because it still is an awesome reader and it seems like its a production issue. Going through amazon reviews, various online forums- it seems to be present on a large number of devices if not all. Amazon refuses to address the issue, probably because they'll get sued or something for releasing a wonky product, like the iphone antenna problem bottom line- great device, but you have a high risk of receiving a unit with the gradient issue (youtube it if u cant visualize what I'm talking about, tons of videos out there describing it) . How bad it is seems to depend on your personal luck, or which batch your local bestbuy has stock from, and most importantly it will bother you / what youre willing to settle for. In my case, i hated it but there was no alternative- the pw2 seemed like a huge downgrade in a head to head comparison so i decided to keep my voyage and live with it. If thats a problem for you, wait for the 2015 edition. The pw1 had this issue apparently and it was addressed quietly by amazon in the pw2.
I bought the tablet for my nephew for Christmas he really likes it
Love everything about it. Easy to use. Plug in. Download an app and good to go. Great sound quality on music
Tryed the stick you wait a long time to receive any movie or show if you get it at all.
This is a great tablet for the price it is offered at. Great for amazon prime members.
Great Tablet for the Price. It was on sale for $39. I was surprised by its quickness.
It is incredible, so fun, keeps me entertained, keeps my 3 year old happy in parent mode
I purchased this for my wife for her birthday. She loves it.
I like this because it plays all prime music on Amazon and all you have to do is tell Alexa what you would like to hear and it will play it for you. We use it by our pool all the time and the kids have instant music. I use it daily for the weather, and I always know how to dress for the day. I am constantly learning more and more from Alexa.
Great budget tablet, a lot of features, easy interface and wonderful picture
I love my echo and use it to order takeout, news briefings, weather, Jeapordy and to control my lights. Awesome tech gadget.
We needed this Amazon Fire- TV in order to watch Amazon Prime on our new smart TV, which we also bought at Best Buy, It was easy to set up and works great, but it didn't come with a connecting cord and the salesman didn't say it needed one. Had to make a trip back next day.
I replaced another Kindle Fire that was broken after I sat on it! I liked all the Fires that I have had so much that I bought another and it is still in use.
Much better than any other streaming device and it has many options and allows you to be wireless or direct through Ethernet. I have it setup so I can watch many of the movies and shows I like. Glad I went with this!
I bought this for my wife to replace her 7" fire that was having a hard time holding a charge anymore. She is thrilled! It was easy for her to transfer all of her books and apps from her old fire to this. She mainly uses this for books , email and some games so this is the perfect tablet for her. better graphics and quicker with the 16gb storage
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
I bought this for my 5 year old son and he loves it!
Good box, but menu slow when booting up and control loses sync at times.
Gift was on point. Recipient was very pleased. Would recommend to others.
Processing is fast and such a wonderful picture... All my apps right there I love it!
We already had a tablet for our son and it was time to get one for our daughter. They are a good learning tool.
With the cost of cable being overly costly, I've looked at ways to cut the cable. Adding an HD antenna for local channels, I opted for a FireTv to supplement our tv watching. I already had a Netflix and Hulu streaming account ($20 a mo) so already saving $100+ per mo. Add the benefit of adding numerous free apps...you have a great amount of programming you can enjoy.
Easy to understand and good quality of colors on display .
I purchased this tablet for my mother for the camera, reading books, and emailing. Awesome price and value!
Excellent product. There's always a blue glow in the bedroom.
I use this to have many TVs running at the same time without having to pay for cable.
Great product the entire family loves it. I would recommend buying it
This device has done everything my family has asked if it and easy enough for my kids to not have to teach me how to use it
Got one for my father and niece. The both loved it. My dad was easily able to set it up and use it. He wouldn't put it down.
Bought this for my daughter for christmas. I know she will like playing games on it
YouTube plays only in the desktop version not the mobile version
I purchased this for my father. He likes to watch movies and this was the best way for me to send him movies because he Ives out of town. Great product!!!
I like reading and I don't have space for paper books, this is great for me I got everything I need and I can read on my way. I like it.
Nothing more to say about Alexa except that she is great.
Got rid of my Apple TV because it didn't have Amazon Prime. Love the fact that you can get Netflix, Pandora, and Amazon Prime on one device.
It is just an average tablet. Bit slow but is a good option for people on budget
this product is very convenient for reading electronic books. and the price is nice. all in all, a good product.
I love it. Use it daily for everything. Love the options and looks.
Alexa is such a great addition to our home. I would recommend to anybody.
Excellent item.
I have an I-Pad and the Fire. For the price, you can't beat the Fire. Does what the I-Pad does and was a fraction of the cost.
Love that I can access my amazon prime, along with the other services I subscribe to.
Amazing. Works well. Everything runs quick and smooth and good price.
This is my second Amazon Fire TV and I absolutely love it! Works great for streaming Amazon Prime shows/movies, Netflix, Hulu, and HBO GO. I don't have cable and with all of those programs I save money and get all the entertainment I want.
Lots of fun and entertaining. Bought this for my parents to keep them active in the technology world and they love it. Great purchase that works great for them. Especially when they tell it to control the lighting I setup in their home.
I really like The echo. I was hesitant to buy the echo for such a long time.
In the past I used Google for information that I needed, but now I just ask Alexa! It's more versatile than Siri and it's ready to go just my saying her name. Yes, it's a little bit of a toy, but then what electronics aren't?
I think everyone knows by now that this is a must have item. If you find it on sale and don't already have one then you should probably buy it. It's a great product.
This is just the right size and can put games on it just like an iPad.
I bought this tablet for my wife. She likes the size for reading books and for reading info on the web. The tablet's size is a little big for just holding it and for carrying it around. It also has to be charged often, and that's not even considering time reading books. Hard to find a case for this latest kindle.
Got my mom this kindle for her birthday, she absolutely loves it. Battery lasts long, good quality camera and easy to use!
I first saw the Echo at a friend's home. I bought one the next day on sale at Best Buy. This item not only plays any music I want to hear, but has many uses from locking my doors to controlling my home's temperature. Great item.
This product is awesome point blank. It still needs improvement in the conversation AI in order to be able to have that extreme edge over the google home. But overall I love the home automation that is compatible with the product. Most importantly how well this behaves with vivint.
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great e-reader. I did tons of research before getting one. For me, I was trying to choose between the regular Kindle and this one. The major difference there is the back-lighting. Holy cow, I simply cannot get across how much I've used the backlighting. I mean, I can't even imagine at this point NOT getting this one over the regular Kindle. I've even taken to reading before bedtime, in the dark, and then putting the Kindle down when I'm sleepy. Seriously, if you're trying to figure out which one to get, the Paperwhite is definitely the way to go, especially because of the adjustable back-lighting. Man alive, what a great purchase.
Pretty good tablet especially for the price. That being said, it could be slightly faster when opening apps and running certain processes. Overall good machine for the price.
Great device. Easy to use and great in sunlight. Easy to add to library.
My daughter can't get enough of this tablet. The only thing I would suggest that you have YouTube kids as a pre installed app. The adds are ridiculous for children when you download it from the App Store.
Easy to use. Great for kids. Great for mom when kids steal mom's phone. Lightweight. Great protective case. But it gets really dirty, real quick.
The Amazon Echo is a great item. Sometimes the echo doesn't respond to the commands or cannot answer
My kids got this to replace their Ipads and haven't missed a beat.
Love it so much bought another for a family gift and would highly recommend to everyone
So happy with this amazon fire tv it's at every tv in this house and those satellite bills in the trash!
I needed a gift for my nephew who was graduating from college and who seems to have everything. Decided on the Echo since I've been wanting one and thought he probably didn't have it. I was happy when he seemed excited about receiving it, but thrilled when he kept texting me the following week to tell me how great it was and all the things he had Alexa doing for him! I'm now even more convinced that I need one for myself, especially since I am moving toward making my house a "smart" home.
I recommend this product and Best Buy to friends and family members
we're early in the stages of home smartness but this is a good start
Excellent gift for kids ,not expensive. Good software for less money.
It was great my son uses it everyday. Has a great camera and it has really good service with that. Love love love it
Amazon Echo, "Alexa" is great! The Echo has a fantastic speaker so when you want to hear some 80s hits or modern jazz or relaxing background music, just ask! It is really helpful for those little trivia bits of info you wonder about when you're watching TV and usually look up on your phone, then end up checking your email, Facebook, etc and miss half of the show. We have HUE lights in 3 rooms of our house which operate with a phone app. They are great (I definitely recommend them also), but it is wonderful to be able to ASK to have the lights turned on when you need to go to the kitchen in the dark or when your hands are full...or at night when you need all the lights off. It's very user friendly, just one app and about 2 minutes sets the whole thing up. I gave it to my husband for Christmas. It's the best gift ever!
I can't stop using it. It's all you ever need in a tablet, Netflix,Youtube,Facebook,Games,Music,Movies and much much more!!! Great screen resolution and all for an affordable price!!!!
Loved my Amazon Echo, had to get one for each of my family members too.
my son has been using our computer and we got him this and he never looked back.
We have two firesticks but, now they will be replaced with the fire tv box.
like the speed the 8 inch screen is great. Works well.
My son enjoys this tablet, it works well but for his next one we will get a larger screen size. Overall great value and well worth the price.
I purchased this for my niece and she loves it. It's the perfect size for her to bring along with her any where she goes.
I love Alexa so much, it makes my life easier. Perfect device if you're planning to automate your house. The price is reasonable and affordable to every class.
Gift for my mom and she had no problem learning to use.
I bought 3 of these for my kids. the parental controls are good, lacking in some areas but overall what I was looking for. a way to limit what they can do and I control what is on the tablet not them. and I can see their web history etc.
Got this for only $90. Really great deal for this machine. I just love to read, and it is more fun reading with this Kindle. I have been waiting for deals like this for a long time and will buy another one as a gift next time the deal is on.
Great for reading any book, light weight, easy to use best Kindle on the market.
the new kindle fires are amazingly good, the only thing that I have to say is the battery life is bad in it. other than that it is well worth it.
I really loved this! It was the perfect size to carry in my bag, and the paper white is awesome. So easy to read. Also very attractive looking. LOVE IT!
I got it to store all my college books without checking to see if they would even be compatible. They weren't. It's my fault for not checking this. The three star rating is because you can buy a good tablet for less and use the kindle app. Which is what I did. I can now read my books and have a fully functional tablet.
quick easy to use
I love the price and also the navigation. It was easy for set up very Convenient and light to carry. The screen is also very visible not blurring like other brands.
My son was the first in the family to buy it. Then he introduced it to me, to his sisters and now we all having a great time enjoying the little box.
What an amazing device. I can ask it questions about sports, weather, traffic, music ... it tells me jokes, provides me with interesting trivia, turns on my lights in the morning, turns them off at night, plays music and many other useful tricks. This will again revolutionize home functionality in our lives.
Gift for the wife. She rea!ly likes it and uses it a lot.
I wanted something small to read books on on the go. This fit the bill perfectly! Not to big and not to small. It does more things than I was expecting!
Saw advertisements for it so I thought I buy. Super easy to use.
Bought as gift for 8yr old. It's not too complicated and perfect size for use of kids!! Excellent choice
Echo seems to be a great addition to the home. Seems to do a great job understanding you.
I use my Echo to check on weather and traffic in the morning while getting ready for work. Also enjoy the music selection, news and sports info!!
Very happy with tablet. Easy to use. Hooks up to WiFi immediately
Easy to use, lots of features, keeps kids interested, good beginner tablet unit
Gave up my tablet for the voyage and haven't looked back. A pleasure to read on.
Purchased this for my son for organization purposes which ended up becoming the family personal assistant. Love the apps and the capabilities this nifty gadget has.
Good tablet,the screen is a little confusing but OK
All the icons on the tablet works just fine. I got help
If you're looking to stop being ripped off by cable and satellite companies the combo of the antenna and fire tv are perfect!
Easy to use. Grandaughter was thrilled!!!!!!!!!!!1
I purchased this as a Mother's Day gift for my Mom in Florida. I don't have first hand experience with it but the price point is great and the other reviews seem solid. I did watch a few unboxing videos on youtube and it seems to be a great deal. Some people seem to have issues with the screen being too glossy but other than that I don't see a ton of other problems.
it's very easy and light to use and the back light is very similar to real paper, so it's my best friend anywhere especially in bed before falling a sleep
I love apple products but I'm a jailbreaker and unfortunately you can't jb the latest apple tv but amazon made things so much easier with the fire tv,especially when you can add more memory!
Device is easy to install and user friendly. Best media streaming in my opinion, a must buy.
I bought three of these units. On sale for $34 apiece. Great deal. Great price
I would recommend this product it's very helpful. I purchased the dot for my daughter. Alexa helps her with spelling words and more.
Excellent technology in a small package and a low price. Works great. Fun and easy to you use. Many uses.
For the price , you can't go wrong. More than you'd expect from a tablet at this price
This amazon fire tv box is one of the best media devices available.
I would recommend the Kindle Fire as a great option for anyone who loves to read book after book. Well worth the price. Not so thrilled that a 2 year warranty was half the price of the item I purchased but that has nothing to do with the quality of the device.
I have been using my echo for about 90 days and I love it. I use is to control the lights and fans in my home. Almost any song I ask it to play it will. It tells me the traffic on the exact route I take to work and informs me of the weather. It tells me the scores of my favorite sports teams, keeps my shopping lists, and settles arguments when my family can't agree on a correct answer to some random question. It also makes ordering things from Amazon a breeze! It's constantly learning new things, so it's getting better every day. Love it so much I bought one for my son and mother.
I'm an optimist, and I tend to give 5 Star reviews more than anything. Which I've had people make a comment about that. However, I cannot give a 5-star review on this because it's such a simple unit, and with technology these days it should not be as expensive as it is. That being said, the display will blow your mind, it looks like real paper. I highly recommend.
She works well if you know exactly what to say. :/ if you say something that is not precise for the action you want, she will not understand. She is smart, and useful, but she still has a few kinks to work out.
Still in the learning process--looking forward to more benefits!
I bought this for my niece and she loves it. We take it everywhere.
The Echo is fun and easy. No longer do you need to walk to the device or use a remote!
I can't tell you how much enjoyment I have received from just listening to the music , and meditation program.Once you understand all of the functions, it is wonderful, most of all if you are housebound.
Works okay as a tablet and especially to access Amazon.No good as a general tablet as there are no Google apps available, such as Chrome, gmail, etc.
My son loves his new tablet, never puts it down. I'm going to get a 2nd one for my daughter
My wife might leave me for Alexa. Thank goodness she can't open jars.
This product is AMAZING!.. I'm loving it. No need t touch and connect all the time.
Upgraded my wife's original 7" Fire to this one and she is very happy. Much faster, better battery life and better cameras. Didn't bother with the 16gb for $30 more as you can just add a micro sd card for cheaper and greater capacity
I purchased this Fire Tablet as a Christmas gift for my husband. He is learning to use it and so far likes it really well. He hasn't downloaded any books yet but he now has an email address and will soon have a Facebook account. His brothers & sisters live around the country so now he will be able to keep in contact with them.
I was really surprised with this tablet. I'm glad I made the purchase. I am able to do as much and more with it as a tablet I paid much more for. I also love the size. The mobility makes it much easier to carry around better than my laptop, Great buy.
Recommend to anyone interested.....................
If adding more than one child to the account, the screen will not rotate properly for the second, third, or fourth child. Geek squad could not fix this problem, seems to be a manufacturer's issue. Also, there are too many adds. I returned this product.
I got this for my teenage "son" who has really gotten into reading. The device is durable and easy to use. He is really happy to take a pile of books with him wherever he goes.
One of the best new products today. It is like a assistant to answer all your questions.
The parental controls are amazing! Super easy for my daughter to operate
Purchased the Echo for my wife as a birthday present from our kiddoes. Not only does she use it to add things to the grocery list, etc, the kids love asking all sorts of questions. Plus helps my son with his homework. Only drawback is if your playing music past level 8/10 sometimes it won't hear your wake up command. You'll have to press the wake up button on top. Overall we have all enjoyed it!
I went back to buy two more for a nephews and aunt.
A little disappointed with my first experience with AI. You have to learn to communicate with Alexa to get results. I feel like she should have to learn more about me than I her. However I understand she is a GEN 1 and would expect that future versions will closer be to the Jetsons than something that keeps telling me "I didn't understand what you said"! I doubt Amazon will update the existing units with better technology they will want to you to buy it all over again instead of making a loyal or invested customer happy. She does have a lot knowledge you just have to figure how to ask for it or download an additional skill/Application.
We love it (that's me & my wife) . My son & daughter-in law & 2 grand-girls all love it.
My 3yr old grand daughter loves her new tablet! Now she can watch Mickey Clubhouse whenever she wants.
Saves my phone battery ever since I'm using my Alexa.
I had a lot of eye strain issues when trying to read off of my i-pad and I just couldn't get comfortable while reading a book in bed. This purchased changed everything. I am now going through 4-5 books a month and I am doing so cheaply.
Bought 2; Great Tabs for kids, economic and sturdy; great buy for the Holidays !( Now the leave my phone Alone ! )
I held off purchasing the echo for many reasons, not the least of which was the uncertainty about the state of voice recognition and AI accurate responsiveness. My only regret now is that I didn't buy the echo sooner than I did. I love her, I mean it! Every day I'm integrating the echo into my life and into my home more and more. I even purchased a second one for the bedroom. The one drawback is that I sometimes have to repeat myself a few times before I'm understood. I have found that the more voice training I do, the less frequent I have this problem. And, right out of the box I was surprised at just how accurately Alexa understood and instantly responded with relevant, accurate, and timely information. Yes, I am crazy 'bout Alexa! 8)
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great device for reading in all lighting conditions. The battery life is amazing, lasts for weeks without charge. It also syncs easily to your Amazon account. Some cons about the device is that it is a bit on the slow side when your shopping around for books on the device and I wish it came with a headphone jack for whispersync.
The Fire itself works well so far, the ouch comes from the fact that the buyers Amazon account MUST be hitched to it to download free games. Who wants kids downloading anything that has your credit card attached even if it's free or accessing your account?
Perfect timing since this is going to replace the original kindle that was bought for my daughter. Definitely can't complain about the price
It's an amazing product I stand behind it! Good job
I have the first generation Kindle Paperwhite and my fiance has the latest and greatest. The screen clarity and response time is greatly improved and it's still being offered at the same price. If you're a bookworm who either reads before bed and/or travels a lot, a Kindle makes a lot of sense. I like that you can dial in the screen brightness so that you can still fall asleep after reading. The battery life is great, too!
Amazon Fire TV has been a great device and is a big improvement over the Amazon Firestick. With Fire TV, there is no lag in apps and runs smoothly and without delay. The biggest reason we purchased this was to begin using PlaystationVUE and it has worked flawlessly.
Bought this a month ago. Well worth the money. Excellent size and quality of use. This is my second Amazon tablet. Bought one for my Grandson. Loved his. Decided to buy another. You also access Alexa from this tablet. Only one problem, battery doesn't last as long as it could on a full charge. The large screen makes it great for watching movies on Amazon Prime.
I was excited about the Amazon echo. However after getting it home setting it up and finding out how limiting it is that excitement went away fast. The echo couldn't answer the majority of questions or would be asked a question and instead of answering it would play country music which I never asked for.Unless you have smart home features like a smart thermostat or smart lights etc it is useless aside from being a speaker which for the money it isn't a good speaker.I did however try it for a week finding it not worth it or that googling questions was easier to answer. Even asking it about what movies were near me etc was a pain. Some said maybe I got a defective unit which wasn't the case the echo is just limited in what it can do.I would say save your money this isn't worth it yet.
This tablet performs very well. It is great for someone that does not need a sophisticated tablet. Great value for the price.
Good if you're looking for a no frills internet experience. Very affordable.
This is a much faster and easy to use media player.
This is a Christmas gift so we haven't been able to fully review it but it was very simple to set up, add apps and games. I really like the parental controls!
I ordered the echo based upon online reviews and based on suggestions of friends. However, thus far, the only thing I ever use it for is to play music, which I could easily do with my other electronics. I am holding out hope that future updates make this more of a must have item.
I was iffy on buying this or not but decided to go ahead and purchase this a little over a month ago. I love the echo from the basic commands to just using it to listen to music. The sound quality for music is pretty good it's enough for what I use it for. Would definitely recommend
Bought four of these for our grand children and they love them. Great price too.
This is the best tablet I have ever owned. Everyone in my house now have one. Lightweight and perfect for reading e-books, playing games or just about anything. It even has parental controls. Very easy to use.
I got this for my mom who wanted to cut down on her cable bill. It has worked great!
Went with the portable unit for travel. Easy access and portability.
Great addition for Kindle
I'm a repeat buyer on this item many times over for all my family members. It is fast and much better then firesticks and we'll worth the difference in price.
Works well for my purposes. Wanted a calendar and contact list so all of the other things are a bonus.
Nice tablet for a very affordable price. I would recommend to anyone!
Love these units. Have alexa on multiple floors now and just added 2 dots as well. Can't complain. Sometimes doesn't understand what I am saying but very good a majority of the time.
Purchased this & turned around & within minutes of the purchase & before even leaving the store, found out that it would not do what my granddaughter needed. Unfortunately the clerk in electronics had told us it would & found out at the register by that person after she rang it up, that it would not. Need a little more education, I think...
This replaced a Kindle 7 HDX with 32GB of ram. The older tablet had a charging port that wasn't functioning anymore. Had the Geek Squad warranty so they issued a full credit for the old tablet and my son chose the HD8 as his new tablet. Other than the screen resolution being lower and less memory, great tablet. My son didn't care about the resolution and the new Kindles let you pop in an SD card for more storage. Popped in a 64GB SD card and he's a happy camper now.. ;)
I got this as part of a Prime Day kindle bundle, and it works just fine. However, there doesn't appear to be any difference between this charger and the 5 other ones I have, all of which were much cheaper. If it wasn't part of the bundle I purchased, I would have never purchased this by itself.
This is my First Fire and I am very satisfied with my purchase
Good solid tablet for the price. Does alot of things
He loves it. Using it with the Amazon Free Time app. Son uses is constantly. Easy to set up and use. Easy to keep kids from making purchases or accessing content outside of the Free Time app.
I own two Amazon fire tablets with this one being the same as owned.. My sister in law wanted a tablet and since I owned one just like this one I figured it to be a good buy.. She just loves it, she is able to do her scheduling, read books and watch her news programs.. It's a great Alertanative to an iPad... great price and just as powerful for a lot less cost..
for the price of this box you really cant go wrong
My paperwhite died, so I went with the voyage, and I'm loving it. It's basically the same as the paperwhite, with the addition of sensors on the side to turn the page if you don't want to swipe the screen. And of course faster processor, etc.
Item was DOA. Reached out to Amazon IT who this happens often. I stand gratification was thrown straight out the window. I returned the item to BB where I purchased the Appel tv. Much better product and works, which is more than I can say for the Fire TV. I give the item a 2 star instead of a 1 because Amazons IT was quick to answer the phone and troubleshoot.
Great tablet for the kids and adults great features like the rubber case and free features for kids
Works on wireless networks, awesome for streaming 1080p AND 4K content.
I own a business in finance and need to read a lot on varied subjects. the kindle enables me to find referenced books and download them in a few seconds. I haven't tried but apparently you can even upload your own pdfs. The fonts and screen resolution and lighting are extremely pleasant, and it is easier to hold than a book. I removed 1 star because the highlighting and note taking systems can get laggy, images are sometimes hard to zoom on, and you can't copy paste a quote. But overall because of the access and convenience it offers I highly recommend it.
I love my Kindle Paperwhite! It's very easy to use and lightweight. The best part is that I can read it outside during the day or late at night in bed. It's easier on my eyes than reading from the Kindle ap on my phone.
I bought this Kindle primarily for traveling and quickly fell in love with it. I love the appearance and weight.
The best streaming box on the market, hands down...just buy it, thank me later!
So far it does what I want. Very happy with the price too.
It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
Fire Tv was easy to install and very user friendly.
Exactly what you expect from this product. Great for it's price.
I bought this for my son and he loves it. Actually the whole family uses it.
It is not an out of the world product but for the price point it is what it is said to be . It does what it advertises nothing more or lessA little slower compared to Samsung Tabs or Ipads but again less then$35 on blackfriday cant complain
takes a little to set up but works great and improves each day
Still the best streaming device for kodi Works flawless
It's amazing how much this inexpensive tablet can do. Slower than my iPad and I wish it had vudu but can't complain with a price tag under $50.
Works great and fast. Just the right size for my work needs. Great Apps available.
Echo puck better deal when you add some cheap stereo speakers. Other than that they do the same thing. and the puck over a $100 cheaper.
I like the product work vey well and I am very happy with it.
Excellent base model e-reader. Nice to use inside or outside.
I like the light weight and enjoy reading out side again
Great way to have all of my text books in one and read on the go
This product is great !!!! I would recommend this to family and friends
I purchased three of these. One as an upgrade to my old Kindle and two for Xmas gifts. The battery life seems short, but otherwise I have no issues. I used it primarily for reading on the train and browsing the internet.
I bought this tablet for my wife. The Google app store and 8 gigs of memory were just what she was looking for.
Works great if you plan to have it in arms reach. You have to physically tap it to ask Alexa. Store rep knew what we wanted it for and never told us you had to tap, not voice activate. Returned to wait for indefinite out-of-stock Echo to get in eventually.
Bought on Black Friday for $60, add a trifold case, portable TV while I do dishes/cook/anything
Brought it for my niece for a Christmas and she loves it doesn't lag or anything it works just fine
I bought this for my grandson and he loves it. great
Great low priced tablet. Got it on sale and it does exactly what I need it too.
Alexa is a great tool. It's fun to use, but the DOT has just as much functionality and seems to hear my voice better. The speaker on the Echo is better, but when the volume us up high, it can't hear me at all. The DOT can connect to an external speaker via bluetooth or 3.5mm, and it's a third of the price
Love Reading, So This Is Very Conveniet After All.
Bought it for my dad who loves tech that his life easier the alexa integration is fantastic.
At 50$ this is an absolute steal deal for any one who wants to have a tab to watch movies on the go and carry music and small games.Good for kids and travellers
My girl loved it, she loves that its linked to echo
My kindle fire has been easy to use and allows me to read several books and magazines at a time with out the clutter.
This camera is a little thicker than other "pocket" cameras, primarily due to the fold-out LCD screen. The screen is a nice feature as it provides additional stability when in the "out" position. The zoom capability and image stabilization features are also very good.
My daughter loves this kindle, she does so much with it,well worth the money.
This is my 3rd Echo. One on each floor of our house. Works great and has so many features. Everyone here loves it.
This unit is a must have in your smart home setup. I got this unit because I was very unhappy with my Google Home that I purchased prior. Alexa has a whole lot more smart home integration than Google Home and is very easy to set up it controls my lights and other devices in my smart home, and I was able to implement it with very little effort. I would definitely recommend this product it is a great sounding speaker as well for your home if you would like to connect your phone and stream things like Pandora. Also it is great to have in the kitchen it does conversions from cups to quarts Etc, you just ask it the question and it gives you the answer it's very easy to use. I would definitely recommend this product.
Bought for my niece she loves it !! Easy to use and good size.
Works amazing and offers a lot of apps, games and music.
The only reason why I have not given a 5 star review is because sometimes, the unit freezes out of nowhere after I will be reading news articles or after watching Prime/Netflix
We love the parent controls and durability. We would definitely buy another.
Nice size easy to use for little people. Long lasting battery
These amazon kindle started off great and are only getting better. I really enjoy all the new features the new ones have.
exactly what he wanted and he is very happy with it. no problems
I bought myself a kindle earlier this summer and love it so much that I decided to get one for my ten year old. I thought she was spending too much time engaging in mindless activities on her phone and computer and thought this might be a good alternative. She has responded surprisingly well. One feature that I really like is the dictionary. If she comes across a word she doesn't know or can't read, she can tap on it, and the dictionary will pop up defining the word. This enables her to use her inference skills to decode the word or understand the meaning better. This has been a nice addition to her bedtime routine.
My son and I love the tablet. Works great! Thanks!
Good for teens that use it primarily for gaming/videos
If you don't have a tablet or your kid doesn't this is a great option. Durable and an excellent value.
Now I am able to integrate my smart home devices. Works like a charm. Alexa is still developing her skills but she's keeping me entertained. Job well done Amazon.
My grandson loves his Christmas gift and has not put it down yet. I will buy another for the other grandchildren.
The screen is perfect for me to read all my favorite books.
Bought for lil brother its a ok tablet for a kid especially apps like WWE and cartoon
I simply love it. At first I thought reading black and white content on a iPad would be a similar experience and reading on iPad or iPhone is similar and no need for kindle. But kindle is different and for me it's better than reading a physical book. It's so cool to carry around thousands of books at any time. Battery goes on and on and on. Excellent piece of hardware.
First Amazon Fire tablet, previously had a first gen kindle, love this tablet and cannot beat the price $35!Working wonderfully -
This is one sweet little tablet for taking along with you wherever you.go. It is everything you need in an ereader. The color and resolution on a $50 tablet is impressive. My mother is able to use it without problem and she loves the portability.
Fire tv loads faster than the stick. Works great with amazon prime.
It's no iPad but you can't beat the price. Makes a nice gift.
Perfect to watch anything I need small and to the point
I have the 1st gen fire and love it so I purchased this for my grandson as I know it's qualities and durability. He loves it and with the kid friendly underground free apps makes it all the more great. The camera? Not so much. Overall great tablet for the price!
This tablet is a thing of beauty. The entire family loves being on it. Works great.
This Paperwhite (back-lit) Kindle is wonderful. No more Itty-bitty book light needed! Just turn on and read, even at night. And there is no glow during the daylight. In addition, I took it to the beach and read it there..no glare unlike the iPad. I had one of the early Kindles, so maneurving around the menu is different but easy to learn and get use to.
My 3 yr old loves her new tablet and my wife and I are glad to get ours back. Very simple usage. Has all of her favorite apps on it.
I absolutely love my Echo.I greet her in the morning and she greets me back and sometimes has an occasion to talk about.I love that she plays music too.
This is a really great tablet me and my kids love it.
My kids have gone through several Amazon Tablets and this one is by-far the best one I have seen.
Everything is working great, it's a great source of info. Setting up the voice activation for my smart home at little challenging but making good progress. Would pick this over the Google Home anyday.
Doesn't always do what I asked for. It is probably because my voice wasn't as clear as it could be.
Average tablet for general use. I still like Apple better!
The Echo is pretty great, news in a snap, and music at your fingertips. Gets most voice prompts accurately, even when my kids are yelling different things at her at the same time! And she never loses her temper...
Purchased the tablet because it was a very reasonable price. It has ended up being a good tablet.
Bought for Friends Anniversary they love it the first one was damaged no hassle return
Great sound quality. Love all the functions that it has.
Picked this up on Black Friday for about $40. It works great for another tablet sitting in the living room for a quick internet search and apps to control tv and Sonos.
I am still learning how to use Echo. I often don't get answers to my questions but I think it's because I am not phrasing them correctly. I am not an Amazon Prime member and that limits what I can do on Echo. Amazon Prime members can place orders on Echo, as well as stream music through Amazon and listen to books. It got terrific reviews so I will continue to experiment with it and hopefully I will learn to love it.
Great tablet for my 3 year old son. I am able to monitor his screen time and assure that he is only playing kid friendly and educational games.
My niece really enjoyed this tablet and she uses it alot.
My wife loves this. the paperwhite is the way to go!
This thing is great for music and gave a group of my friends quite an entertaining evening playing with Amazon echo.
I bought the Amazon Echo for myself right before Christmas. I ended up returning it because my wife got me one as a Christmas present! It's cool technology, and is fun to play around with, but I think the real value of it is realized if you have compatible home automation products. However, I'm not in that boat yet.
Great device for streaming video. You can side load Kodi and different add-ons to get movies and TV shows for free.
Got this as a gift for my mom for mothers day. Its simple and easy enough to use and provides great performance for its price range.
Alexa will simplify your life. Give her a chance and you will be glad you did.
Great value for price. Can add a 64gb card for almost unlimited storeage. Can download video & audio to play offline.
I use this and my Apple TV, the amazon fire box is great you can watch your favorite shows through them and Hulu and Netflix, what makes the fire stand out is that you can add apps you can't find in their App Store, kodi makes cutting the cord so easy!
This has been a great tablet specially for children.
We bought the tablet for my 1 year old who normally uses my iPad and Samsung tablet because we wanted him to have his own so we could have ours. He was very disengaged. I believe it's because it didn't have the home and back button like our tablets do. Over all it's an amazing device it just didn't keep our little one entertained
I love my kindle fire. So much so when I misplaced my first kindle I went to Best Buy to get another. It was only $40 after all. I read books on it but it does so much more! I watch movies, play games, shop, browse the internet. Pretty much everything I can do on a much more expensive tablet.
I am now able to stream tv and movies from around the world, works great.
I am enjoying it so far. Great for reading. Had the original Fire since 2012. The Fire used to make my eyes hurt if I read too long. Haven't experienced that with the Paperwhite yet.
I bought this for my son and I couldn't be happier. I would definitely recommend this product to family and friends
Didn't like it. To many pop up ALL THE TIME. Don't recommend at all
My wife treated me for my birthday, and I love it! Would highly recommend. Took a little while to get used to buying books on Amazon though. Overall excellent.
It works great. I had a an Amazon Fire Stick previously. The Amazon Fire TV responds quicker and I have not had any buffering issues, thanks to a faster network interface card.
Alexia is a very smart AI source. She response quickly and offers an extensive library of knowledge and music. The Echo fills a small room with sound.
I really enjoy reading books on this. Glare in the sun but great indoors.
Nice tablet to teach my nephew about computers however I wish I would have realized that you can not access the play store.
My daughter gets great use with this tablet. She loves to read so she gets best of both worlds. She can get her books and surf the web. Fsntastic buy
This item was bought as a gift and it did not disappoint the person whom I bought it for.
Love my tablet best one so far. It's light weight and easy to use.
I love this!! Wish it had more Apps. But great for the price.
My daughter fell in love with it instantly best ever
Nice product! Can't figure how to erase messages on Alexa app.
Yes It is a very nice starter tablet. I would think it will bring a lot enjoyment to the owners.
This is just a basic kindle fire for my 7 yr old child. It works fine for her. It obviously doesn't have comparable picture quality when compared to the HDX versions, but it still has the same functions. It does have a rear and forward facing camera, making it easy to take pictures of the dog. There are lots of safety features and apps for kids also.
I already own the Amazon Echo, so for smart speaker, it is one of the most handy devices out there. There is so many things you will find that you can do with it and the list keeps growing. Since the software update that allows you to use "Always On" voice commands like its big brother, it has become my go to device.Pros:- Wireless Bluetooth Smart Speaker - I take it to work and use it in the car, even when I travel for work- Sync's up with my popular music aps (Spotify, Pandora, etc)- Alexa is very responsive and can answer your questions quickly- The best Alarm Clock- I sync up with audio books and will use it on long car rides or business trips- Speaker is able to get loud- Control smart devices like lighting and my ecobee - Option to turn Off/On voice commands, can use tap button instead- Very long range for voice commandsCons:- Only single band Wi-Fi 2.4Ghz- Battery life when using "Always On" voice commands is short- Speaker quality is sub par for music compared to other Bluetooth speakersOverall the usefulness of this device is near perfect for my needs, with only minimal cons. I use this device pretty much every day and is small enough to make for an excellent travel companion.Tip for BESTBUY: You should carry cases for this device as I had to get my protector elsewhere
Great to interact with a product by voice that can provide information as well as enjoyment
Perfect size ,very useful and my daughter loves it
Bought the Kindle for my daughter. It's the 4th we have bought over the years, one for each child. Great product
Awesome. I really enjoy using it. The portability is a plus!
I bought this kindle for my 6 year old and he loves it. It is a great buy for the price. I also purchased the micro SD card and expanded the storage for my son's games and music. It is a bit different than my Kindle Fire and a little harder for me to get used to, but he loves it. I highly recommend it.
Loved this. Bought it for my 5 year old. Can't wait.
Bought for my son.. He really liked it for a starter tablet
I had no trouble registering this Kindle Fire. I have a plane Kindle & I like the Fire a lot better. It is user friendly even for first time user.
This was one of the best birthday presents, I ever purchased for my husband. He said he doesn't use the computer, but he was on my smartphone daily viewing FB. I got him a drone for Christmas and he needed something to view, while it is flying. I researched the Kindle Fire and thought he could practice with it until spring. He farms, so isn't busy in the winter. Thank goodness, because he is busy with his Kindle for hours every day. He thinks it is great and I do too, because now I have my phone back.
Great product for surfing the internet or reading books!
Nice product, great price and expandable storage unlike the HD version
Good for the price hard to beat it!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!
I needed a second charger (for traveling) for my Kindle Fire that was a fast charger. This worked great. It charges my Kindle fire in just a few hours.
Really enjoy the selection of choices fro movies and TV show programs. Being able to view a season at your on pace.
Great tablet for a gift. Does everything it needs to do.
I use my Fire every day. I'm very satisfied with it's performance and size. The battery last a long time, so I can use the Kindle for hours without recharging.
I was reluctant to buy this product out of fear of it not being used. As it turns out, my daughters and I use it constantly. So much in fact, we now have an echo in each of our bedrooms as well to help with studying and for music. Excellent product.
Simple to set up, worth the expense, fully compatible and works fairly well with xfinity comcast.
Bought these for my kids worth every penny!! With the micro Sd slot I was able to fill it with movie upon movie for a 1000 mile road trip, these were a god send for the kids
I received the Dot as a gift and didn't even want one but I set it up and WOW! I was blown away with this little "hockey puck", device! Now this is coming from someone who still has a full stereo/phonograph system in the corner in a cabinet, but has not had it hooked up in years...just because. I did play music once in a while through Pandora on the tv but that's it. I liked the convenience of the dot and what it could do so much I took it bach and got the Echo and I like it a lot.
My primary interest in streaming (this was new to me) was to stream The Grand Tour on Amazon Prime. I figured an Amazon device was the easiest way to do this. And I was correct. The Fire TV is easy to use and works great. I have fast internet (50-60 mpbs download) so I have no complaints about picture quality.
easy to read, great product When I use different readers they keep tract of where I am in each.
This make an excellent ebook reader. Don't expect much from this device except to read basic ebooks. The good thing is it's cheap and good to read in the sun.
My 2 1/2 year old loves this. He can't break it with the thick rubber case, and we can control the games he plays, and how long he plays. Great mix of educational and fun items. The only problem is the charging cord is a bit too easy to break. If they pull it off the charger, it makes the port loose and you have to get the right angle for it to charge.
Easy to use and the kid friendly protector works great...
it is Alexa app for smartphone; Alexa Voice Service; 360 degrees omni-directional audio
Purchased for my wife who reads a lot and truly enjoys the amazon fire.
I bought both of my young boys one tablet each. They absolutely love their tablets and very easy to use. Rarely do I hear arguing while they play their games whether it be letters and numbers or racing.
The night reading light works great. I don't keep my husband up with a lamp on. It is so easy to order books on line and it gives me new authors that I wouldn't have known about.
I must say I have thoroughly enjoyed my Amazon Fire TV. It hooks up to your television seamlessly and provides a wide assortment of viewing options. This device could easily replace your cable television.
Bought product for my 9yr old son. He loves watching videos and playing games on it.
Work great with a 4K TV. Better quality than my other streaming devices
Got fort my kid, had Christmas and birthday money. Wanted their own tablet and worked good as we are prime members.
Recognizes any voice including our grandkids, no training required. Much faster than surfing the net for info, amazon provides great capability, can't wait to add gadgets.
I just enjoy and find it easier to read on this than my iPad. I replaced my old Gen 1 Kindle Fire and this doesn't disappoint.
It's an amazing product. Use it daily. Can't wait for updates
Bought this because my old Galaxy Tab 10 has become old and slow. Very pleased with the Fire tablet, quickly loaded books, magazine subscriptions and easily taps into my Amazon Prime subscription - video and music. Only reason it gets 4 stars versus 5 is the annoying ad on the lock screen (although I'm sure that's why the device is so cheap).
I owned 2 Fire Sticks. I wanted a device I could hardwire my Ethernet connection and have the ability to stream 4K content, so I purchased the upgraded Fire TV Player. I'm a Primer Member so this device is a no brainer for me to fulfill my streaming needs. Highly recommended.
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
The product works well. However, you have to hold down the button to use the best part of the device, Alexa. I really wanted to take it back because it can be a little annoying to hold down the button every time you have a question but the sound quality of this product is just so dog on awesome!!
So far I have had no issues with my tablet, although I admit I have not fully used all its capabilities.
This tablet is well constructed and light weight and is more than I expected. The eReader part of it is the best for reading on a screen because of its blue screen feature.
When paired with amazon music alexa is great. It will play any song you can think of. I havent used it for much else yet
This is a great tablet for the money!! I would recommend it to anyone...
Purchased this for my grandchildren for Christmas and they absolutely love it, haven't put it down since they received them...Thanks Best Buy!!!
Great for using in any condition, specifically outside in the sun. No glare like the iphone and ipad
The Amazon fire is a great tablet. U cannot beat the price. Works as good as other way more expensive tablets
I have cut the cord because of this item because of that I'm saving a ton of money
I bought this one as a gift but I DO have a couple I keep for the children to play learning games on. They're awesome.
This was actually my second purchase of this tablet. Overall the finish is good; everything works pretty fine. It has all of the amazon services that you need like kindle, amazon music.... The touch screen still has some delay, however. Once in a while they put it on sale for $30. If your not in a hurry, like if you already own a tablet and are not really in need of a second one, then you can wait because I believe at the price of 30, this tablet is unbeatable.
This tablet works wondeful and it is perfect for children who are learning to read and do math.
This is my second Kindle and I couldn't be happier . I couldn't believe I would be happy with something so small , but it is great And easy to take along anywhere .
overall good but does not find 5ghz networks which is why i returned it.
I purchased 2 regular amazon fire sticks around $50 each they would turn off in the middle of shows/movies and weren't working properly I had several issues with them so I decided to give this model a go and it's been worth it so far no issues.. worth the extra $$ it's reliable.
Don't let the low price and screen size fool you. This 7" tablet is a bargain at $50 and works flawlessly. It has long battery life and a bright display. I find myself using it most often to view movies on Amazon Prime, which can be flung to my flat screen TV instantly. This is a must-have item for $50.
You can't go wrong with this purchase. It works great and easy for kids to use.
It's exactly what you would expect for a tablet under $100. Very basic. Screen resolution if sub par for what's out today. Speed is questionable but works for our 2 year old.
It is fun to talk to Alexa from time to time. Once you teach her some skills, she can do a wide variety of things. We love playing music with her and making lists for groceries.
It doesn't work good and it is very slow and that ability is not a good working tablet I would not recommend it
Very nice to hear most of my favorite music. Only reason i did not give 5 stars is i could not retrieve a popular radio station in another city i wanted to listen to.
I liked it as it was a great price and the size was the major factor... Not too big and bulky compared to others.
It was really easy to setup for my kids and is a great size for them
I love it! Much better quality than previous version! No lagging at all!!!!
Cheap and works great awesome beginner tablet amazon did a great job affordable and great for something just to have and play with
I love my kindle.It is user friendly and there's so much more than I thought.
I was hesitant to add more gizmos in my life, but after a trial run got hooked on it. Response at times is not forthcoming but I guess with time it will get better. So far so good. Does what is intended.
When I first purchased an Amazon fire TV box I was a bit skeptical to what I could get from it but being a member of Amazon prime I was quickly satisfied with all the content available so I decided to buy a second one for the bedroom.
Watch what I want when I want, No more Cable Bill.
This is just an awesome tablet for the price and the features it has
A little faster than the firestick and has 4k. Can only do 4k at 30hz and 4k is not in the menu screens. (Can be a little confusing when thinking the device is entirely 4k when you turn it on and your tv says it's only 1080p and you have 4k enabled on a 4k tv.
Amazed that with the Kindle Fire my kids are able to play games, view movies and read
Had to buy two for each kid of mine. They absolutely love it.
Love this tablet for streaming, facebook, games and general web surfing. The apps are available on the amazon underground, not google playstore, so some apps that you may be used to using, may not be available on amazon underground. Overall, great tablet for the price. Would recommend.
I am loving my fire tablet and I am using it everyday at home and at work on break
This is exactly what my wife was looking for. I would buy again.
games are excellent and great books to read as well
its a great device I bought it for my great niece and she loves it
My children love our new guest.. they love asking it everything and it has the answer
Nothing comes close. So much faster then anything else out there.
I purchased this as a temporary tablet after my old one died. Now, I have no desire to buy a different tablet any time soon. For the price, it is great. It does everything that I require a tablet to do, especially after paying the $15 on Amazon to disable ads. Well worth the price.
The Kindle Paperwhite is compact, yet big enough to feel book sized. The natural bridge screen is quite easy on your eyes and is visible in any light - quite an accomplishment! The battery charge lasts a long time so you don't feel in danger of the Paperwhite going dead on you. When I went to Guatemala, I was even able to find a browser that allowed me to get a message back home on my email using the Paperwhite! I got this one for my wife. If you like to read, I think you would enjoy this little gem.
I bought this for my son to use on his dream vacation and he loves it.
This is a great tablet for someone who reads a lot, though the battery could use a little upgrading to make it last longer for voracious readers like me. I read A TON so it doesn't last very long. Other than that, I'm very pleased with the purchase and the way the salesperson (can't remember her name) handled everything for me.
I just love my new Kindle paperwhite.
I bought this for my two year old grandson but the restrictions were too much.
Great tablet for everday use and the screen has nice resultion
Easy to set up and navigate. Got two for my parents
My son loves his new tablet. It's a great product.
This baby breaks the ice and sets the mood for a date when you eventually bring her to your place. They can't get enough of Alexa. The music you can get her to play makes your company feel relaxed. Alexa is 10 thumbs up with me.
Since the most recent update, we really like the fire tv. We like that the fire tv includes an alexa remote since we have our lights connected to our dot. Before watching a film, we can dim the lights using the remote. The interface of the fire tv obviously emphasizes Prime video so it may be useless for those non-Prime users; however, Fire tv has a lot of apps that you can use. I was disappointed that VUDU was not on fire tv, though.
Alexa is so simple to set up and so fun to use. We love it and use it all of the time. We keep it in the kitchen so it's easily accessible.
The guy at the store was really helpful. There was not a pink Fire Kids Edition so he looked on top of all the shelves and found one. My four year old grand daughter loves it.
Easy to navigate. There's not anything new we don't like about it.
What can I say but out of this world. This thing is so cool.
great device to listen to music,best blue tooth on the market today,I highly recommend it
Great product! Easy on the eyes in the day or night.
Average good 4 playibg games has a tendency to freeze
Its great it moves fast only problem the battery don't last all that long but its a good tablet I like
We gave this tablet to our nine year old Grandaughter for her birthday. She loves it and we feel it is very sturdy. That is a very good thing when it comes to tablets and children.
I had no Idea that this device would be so much fun to use. It's not an iPad mini but in many respects works just as well. It is the best $50 I've ever spent. I was able to root this tablet and install a custom rom which makes this even better. Its nice to know that you do not have to spend a fortune for a big name brand device to get the same quality Android experience.
This was a birthday present and although a friend had talked to me about getting one I had no idea how great it would be to have one. It is easy to set up and we find ourselves asking Alexa questions that we would normally spend the extra time looking up online.
It would be better if it had a better camera. Its still a great tablet!
Simple easy to use. Plug and play so to speak. You should read the manual that comes installed on it. Can read anywhere with no glare at all. tt even has a browser for the web that is in the preliminary stages but it is pretty good.
Excellent tablet for the price! I use it as a reader and to surf the web.
It's voice activated capability is nice but not that responsive when the volume is full. You have to keep your voice loud so it can hear you.What is also nice is how it learns and can have multiple profile for family.
Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.
Bought this for someone as a gift. They are big on amazon kindle so this was a huge plus with other features and amazon store improving. They love it.I know other tablets have kindle apps but this was an awesome price.
I bought one for my daughter, so I decided to buy one for me the tablet is very user friendly.
I bought a few of these Amazon - Fire TV (2015 Model) boxes and I don't notice it performs any better than the older model even its specs are showed that it has better hardware components. Just for the fun of it, I have rooted and am still learning what else can I do with it...
I was surprised by the quality of the screen, and it is no slouch either.
Added it as a gift to my son's already expensive x mas gifts. He's 21 and loves it! Bought one for my nephew too and he loves it!
Bestbuy came through before the holiday better than Amazon--item available, arrived within 2 days, competitively priced. Great service there. My problem is with disappointing performance by Echo. Siri wins over Alexa. Issues encountered:1) a skill will be installed, but Alexa will tell me first, I need to install the skill and second, that the skill is already installed. User is stuck in a do-loop with no response.2) access to quick 1-sentence read from Wikipedia is appreciated, but if you ask 'tell me more,' Alexa's voice is so rushed and computerized, some of the information is unintelligible.3) tons of skills, but so many of them are at a micro level and others are 1-time gimmicks. If you are not careful, you then need a skill to help you with all the skills you've installed.4) responses on some of the more interesting skills are just plain wrong. Vocabulary on word master is limited, so you will told your response is not a word that begins with "X" and we have had instances where our correct response on Jeopardy is reported as not correct. In one skill about a magic door (?) a clue is described, but when selected, you are sent backward a step with the same clue offered again. Frustrating and makes you feel you are doing something wrong or not speaking clearly. Children can get frustrated quickly.5) access to music is quirky. Some pieces by classical composers will play only a few minutes of a selection, abruptly stop and begin a new piece. But some singers and ambient pieces will play for hours.Positives: flash briefing, weather, word definitions, Pandora access timer.
Amazon ' s iPad basically and better in my opinion.
I bought my Fire HD just for reading. I have a Kindle Unlimited membership and wanted to keep all my books in one place. This is an amazing little tablet. How Amazon can sell these for only $89 is beyond me. And I got mine on Black Friday, so it was only $59! At that price it was a downright steal. I had the first Kindle Fire. This model is better in every way imaginable. I also own an iPad Pro 9.7". I don't try to compare the Fire with the iPad, they are completely different devices. But for what the Fire is, I love it every bit as much as I love my Pro!
My kids play games and watch videos. Perfect! Fast enough for what we need.
If you haven't bought one of these already, I suggest you do so. You won't be disappointed.
Info and entertainment on command - can't beat it!
Bought this tablet for my mom as a birthday day gift. She loves it. This is her first tablet and shes learning how to use it. I was very impressed with how quick and responsive it was. Also it has an excellent display and runs just like 200+ tablets, Will play all your favorite apps.
Overall I think the Kindle Fire HD is a great product. No complaint so far.
Great media player for watching movies and shows from netflix,hulu, etc. easy to navigate, quick quad core cpu keeps things from lagging, and voice commands via the voice remote make this a winner.
We actually purchased this as a Christmas gift for our son. However my husband ending up keeping it for himself. He uses it at night to read books in bed.
It was a Christmas gift, not a big reaction at the time. He has very poor vision so I thought it would be a good gift. I think he is starting to like it as he uses it more and learns what he can do with it.
Purchased this for a Christmas gift for my nephew. He loved it. Very nice tablet at an affordable price.
My 4 yr old is fully capable of navigating to her favorite games, videos, photos, etc. I like the bumper case too. It has proved its worth already.
Product is much better than the original- highly recommended
Excellent e-reader and great deal. Cover is perfect.
The price is great. My granddaughter loves it. Thanks.
I'm not very familiar with tablets, so didn't know what to expect, but it does what I wanted it to do.
This is my second Kindle reader. My first one wasn't back lite. I love that I can read outside in the sunshine or in bed with no light on. It is a great item if you like to read. I haven't bought an actual book in years!
I am very happy with my purchase of the Kindle paper white. I wanted a device for reading at night that would allow me to turn the light off in the room. Works well is lightweight and really a joy to read on. Very limited and dissappointing selection of protective covers at Best Buy had to purchase elsewhere.
have set it up to control various devices and can easily be used by 80 year old uncle
Great device for all your tv and movie streaming.Also this device can play games wow
A great Kindle reader. Easy to order, read and store books. Also speedy for finding Amazon products and ordering them. But the other apps are really slow - too slow.
I love the fire sticks but sometimes not crazy about using wifi. The fire tv can be hard wired, which limits some buffering issues. Not that it's ever really been an issue. It's still really easy to use and setup just like the fire stick.
Alexa is way more fun and practical than I thought she would be. She isn't anywhere near as smart as OK Google, but she sounds a thousand times better and I'm really happy to have her.Shopping discounts, Hue control, music, scores, and weather. She'll even read your Kindle books to you. I find myself saying "Thank You" after she does something. And yeah, I asked her to marry me.
I bought my fire tv last month and I like it sofar. I can use alexa on remote control not even to search in tv programs I can ask every question. for some reason YouTube app isn't installed by default and there is no web browsing app installed by default. The default country address is Turkey and if you don't change it you can not install some apps because of restrictions!!! Installing apps is tricky for some apps. I think it'd be nice to have more flexibility on software aspects of this device. Other than that I like everything about it.
Great size, easy to read at night and no glare screen.
Enjoy the features offered and its ability to integrate with other devices. Will be an integral driver in the success of the "smart home". Took a star away because of the sound. Solid overall but not pure quality.
This is a great product, great for teenagers to read and play.
I like my Kindle. This device could be a later technology. For the price Amazon could include more features.
Never without my Amazon HD 8 - great for reading, games and surfing the networks.
Easy to use. Friendly to the beginner user. Decent camera.
I have both the Apple TV and the Amazon Fire TV. I wish I would have saved my money originally and purchased the Amazon Fire TV, I have all the apps I want and being an Amazon Prime member, it makes the device even more worth while being able to stream music. The remote and the interface are user friendly and astetically pleasing. Since I picked up the Amazon Fire, I haven't turned my Apple TV on once.
The fire tablet is a great tool for reading, surfing the web, playing games and even watching some Netflix, on a bigger screen, without killing a cell phone charge.
I use this device for streaming live tv with no issues.
The tablet is just what a child needs, it's tuff and the content is aimed at the children's needs. It keeps them entertained as long as you will let them.
Good product for cutting cable cord and saving money. Faster and more features than Roku or Fire stick, very pleased with product. I originally received a defective remote, Best Buy customer service was excellent in trying to find a new one, even from competitor, they replaced with brand new unit same day I called, even though Best Buy warranty expired 2 weeks earlier.
Got this tablet for my mother and liked it so much that I went and got one for myself! It runs fast for what I use it for!
Easy to set up and turn on and off restrictions. Piece of mind that daughter can't access adult appropriate content
My granddaughter loves this and it came as promised.
I have an Alexa but wanted a speaker for traveling. You can use this without a plug in cord.
Gives access to all streaming apps & doesn't seem too slow as far as responsiveness. Much better than the AF Stick. Haven't had any issues.
Very easy to set up, took maybe 5 minutes. Quality and Service is great!!
Had just the fire like HD better. More movies and better quality.
Bought one a few months ago and after our conventional kindle died replaced it with the fire and it is amazing! Bought them for my kids for the holidays!
The fire runs well and was easy to set up. The pop up adds are a bit annoying but the tablet works well.
Absolutely LOVE this Echo. You can ask it anything and it helps around the house.
Small, lightweight, well priced, a great entry tablet.
I've had my kindle fire 7.0 for more than 3 years. it works great but I wanted a bigger screen. I love it.
There is nothing better than a Paperwhite for reading and the new one is just great - clear, clean and quick.
Great over the top device. The Alexa integration is a major plus.
I like this product,. Alexa is a good listener and provides me the information instantly.IT is always a joy and funny when you ask a out of the world question and get a pretty accurate response.
I bought this for my mom, who is 90 years old. She loves it, and it makes so much reading material available to her in a format that is easy to use and very accessible. Good job, Kindle!
The Whispersync technology that allows a child to read a book and listen to the audio book while it highlights the words is an indispensable tool for young readers.
This is our family's 3rd fire tablet, great, affordable solution for our family
Love this base for charging my kindle. You still need to use a good cord for most effective charge. With a good cord and this base your kindle will charge in under 30 minutes.
I needed to buy an affordable tablet, just right!!
This has been a wonderful tablet for our 9 year old son. I was able to set reading achievements that he must complete before he can play his games or watch videos. I like how you can secure it and adjust the setting to what we find appropriate for our child.
I love my kindle fire. It is a 16 GB but I change it to 32GB.
Great tablet for the money. Good way to see if you prefer a tablet or a laptop without spending a bunch of money to find out. Works good to stream movies or surf the web.
My wife generally does not like technology gifts. We now have several items in our house connected to our Echo including light bulbs (sold separately).Overall - lots of functionality with the echo. This includes trivia games or hot potato that you can play with the kids.Enjoy this very much and would recommend this to anyone looking for a device like this in their home.
Very affordable. Excellent tablet and comes in different colors
Defiantly worth upgrading from the fire stick does not freeze nor does it get hot and need a cool down time.
I first boughy alezxa from amazon and found the voice recognition and search algorithms lacking
I was skeptical about the uses for the Amazon Echo and of Alexa but after using it for several weeks, I enjoy the ease of interaction and the accuracy of Alexa. The sound quality from the speaker is very good and I often use the Echo as my go-to audio device when I'm needing some background music for reading, cooking, cleaning, etc.
i am glad i got them for my grand children they r enjoying them
Is limited. Does not play your own playlist? Is ok.
I am sure Alexa does many things but so far she hasn't reached her full potential! User needs to learn to implement her skills!
I bought this tablet to hold all of my digital sheet music and refer to it at rehearsal. It works great for the intended purpose and the price was right.
Wonderful to be able to do so much with voice command. I need to get another one for my kids.
Kindle paperwhite is a great asset for all kinds of readers at an affordable price! Lightweight and easy to throw in your purse, backpack, etc. no glare in the sun
Amazon Fire TV works very well with the Sony Play Vue. I purchased a second unit for another TV. The response time is quick and the Alexa voice search so quick and good its beyond good. I do not use the WiFi function although I have a Wifi in the house, instead I have a Ethernet cable plugged in for both units. I would most certainly buy this unit again. Worth every penny I spent on it.
I love my new Amazon Echo, Alexa. I hooked her up with my new Philips Hue Lights and it's amazing to tell her to turn on/off lights throughout the house. I love when I walk down into the kitchen in the morning and say hello to her, she gives me a history lesson, a joke, the weather, etc.
Great picture compared to my last kindle and love the camera option
I now have three dots/echos and am a fan. I really enjoy the capability of echo and ease of installation.
Great for reading in both the dark and outside. Perfect for the bookworm in your family.
I got this for my mom who is 78. She hates it when football is on and she cant get the lottery numbers. Problem solved.
Glad we bought it very informative and smart can answer anything you ask
I wanted a lighted ebook reader and also access to the internet in a small format. The Fire meets my needs at a great price.
Camera has poor resolution, charging time is slow.
Love it would recommend to my friends and family .
I love it it works like a charm. I would recommend it to friends and family.
I have bought 2 of these for my grandchildren. They live them!!
Got this for my 3 year old son. He plays with it every now and then but it's good for introducing him to educational things. Glitchy at times but that's to be expected with how much it cost.
Noticeable improvement over the fire 7 inch. If you're a first-time tablet owner then the fire 7 inch is a great device. But if you've owned a tablet with higher specs, there is a noticeable improvement with the fire 8 inch . The Fire 8" has a better display and faster processing.
Alexa works better than expected. Recognizes commands but wish it would make an audible nosise whether or not it is able to perform a function. Sometimes it just dead silence. The app can use more features like more favorites mappable locations than just to "work". Overall, not bad for being its first model.
Very good when using with vivant. Also good when you want need to know something like the weather.
Love it.great addition to my 4K & Amazon Prime and unlimited music
I love this product, is excellent for my 4K video streaming. Really easy to use and a great price.
I RECOMMEND THIS ITEM WoRTH ThE $$$$$$$ saving me tons on my cable bill
It freezes up a lot but it's great for reading. Not meant for other apps.
Compared to an equally inexpensive RCA tablet, this one has more limitations in the apps you can get. I was disappointed in its utility and prefer the RCA tablet over this one.
Fire TV set up couldn't be easier, gives us access to all out favortie streaming services plus additional apps
Awesome it was great it was a lot of good apps I reccomend it
Use for surfing and general use. Had for 2 mths works and operates great . Screen is clear
My son already had one just upgraded. But he loves it.
Awesome alternative to cable television. Being able to save $180 a month is worth the one time cost!
My girlfriend is a bookwork and she absolutely loves her Kindle Paperwhite. We tried getting the standard Kindle first, but that just didn't do it for her as she likes to read in the dark as well. The Paperwhite was the perfect investment for her, and I'm considering getting one for myself.
What can I say my wife thought it was silly now when I come home from work almost every night she is listening to I hate country music.p.s. I love to control the lights with alexa.
Faster than my firestick in navagating around and doesn't freeze as much.
had a fire HD, got this to try, spend the extra and get the HD
This is perfect for what I needed it for! Very nice product!
I like the flexibility and great responsiveness of the FireTV. Our family is able take advantage of the built in options (including Amazon Prime) and set it up just the way I like. I also have friends who prefer the Fire Stick. They have customized those and still have good performance. FireTV is great for anyone and even better if you are a little tech savvy..
Have the black and the white, identically wonderful.
I find the amazon fire to be just what I was looking for especially to take with me when traveling. It has great features and is easy to use.
Very good tablet. Only issue was starting it up. Great processor, lots of storage and great camera. Highly recommended for the price. Practical Steal.
Love the Echo!! Wonderful speaker... Great news briefs feature. Adding the music unlimited plan really adds quite a bit to this product. Its even great to listen to any radio station that is based virtually anywhere. AM stations never sounded better! :-) Hooking it up to the Nest and Phillips Hue lights increases functionality. We just bought the remote for the bedroom, which is proving very useful as well!
I purchased this tablet as a gift. It is a nice little tablet for the money!
This kindle is light and easy to use especially at the beach!!!
Box works faster than the stick as long as your router is close to the TV or Fire Box. Great Product!
We loved it so much that my husband surprised me with the Echo for Christmas, but I also surprised him with one. It is so much more than just music. You can ask Alexa anything from jokes to weather to music to technical questions. It is a great addition to our home. Looking forward to discovering all that it is capable of.
Good tablet for the price. Works as well as a more expensive model.
eyes feel comfortable reading the paper white after lights out
I got a second one for my downstairs TV. Works great
Opened the box and was able to quickly and easily hook up to my wifi. Great to play music through.
It is my favorite thing for relax me into my house-
User friendly and features a 4GB capacity for ample storage. PagePress provides reimagined page turns, and an adaptive front light promotes visibility in dimly lit areas. So far so good!
I really enjoy the versatility the Alexa is. It has so many posibilities.
Very useful and easy to navigate! Def recommend to anyone who loves to stream!
Bought a gift for my mom. She absolutely loved it! Great purchase. Great price! No complaints.
This is working very well so far.
Good for gift, inexpensive and functional. A bit larger than my Note 5.
It is good device to have for reading, watching movie and surfing internet
After having to return the stick, the Fire TV works perfectly highly recommended.
The display is not great but can be used as a back up device for rough use
With the outdoor antenna and Fire stick - we were able to get rid of our Direct TV.
It's a great starter tablet for kids an even adults at a good price. You can also use a memory card.
The amazon Fire tv is the best of all streaming devices a must have for Netflix
I used it to watch movies when I was recently in the hospital. The picture was very clear.
I have bought 3 of the amazon fire tv boxes. I love how many online services you can access via the fire. I would rate this a perfect 5 if it was not for the fact that the fire remote is so poorly made. 2 of the 3 remotes died before the batteries did. Sure you can use your phone to control the fire tv box but that is slow and should not have to be done. And dont try to get help from Amazon their idea of help is to have you buy a new fire tv box.
Great tablet for a kid enjoys very much would buy again
Bought as a gift seems to be very easy-to-use and portable light weight too
The echo is a great add on for a smart home. It has good microphone range so it could pick up your voice from afar. The speaker isn't bad either. It provides a decent quality sound.
Really convenient, is amazing how many things you can do with Alexa. Also really responsive
Amazon Fire TV is quick and easy to use, believe it has enhanced both the video and audio. It is a perfect combination with Amazon Prime. Received professional advice from Best Buy Associate, thanks!
I am very pleased with this tablet. Small enough to take with me anywhere yet a large enough screen for reading anywhere.
I like the Kindle Paperwhite because the backlighting makes it easier to read than the first one.
Great inexpensive tablet for everyday use. It's not powerful enough for super graphical games but it's great for basic apps like surfing the web, emails, news, etc. Amazon has "underground" apps which is totally free (including in-app purchases). Only downside with those is that you sometimes see a full screen ads in them (usually products that's on your Amazon wishlist). All-in-all, it's a great tablet that you don't have to worry about if you break it.
I love my new Kindle. Previously had the Fire HDX 8.9 and upgraded to this one. I love love it and still discovering new things it can do. Very much recommend all purchase this
This is a great little tablet for what you're paying for it! Gets everything done that I need it to
Bought this for a Christmas Gift, the item is great
Bought it as a gift for my aunt. She says that she loves it uses it everyday! Does a lot more than her old Kindle.
Alexa is easy to setup, and easy to use. The speaker puts out incredible sound for a small device. I highly recommend this, it connects to smart home devices too.
We are glad we bought this great for movies and everyday games
I would definitely recommend. It's great for every day use.
Alexa is an excellent product. My family uses a number of options that are available through it. The sound quality is extremely good and it stays on all of the time. So glad we have Alexa!!
The only con I see is the exclusion of the optical sound out put. The Micro SD slot is a nice addition.
HW and wireless handled 1080p and 4K content with no issue. Love this thing
Great gift idea. Nice addition to the kindle family.
I love it. It is so easy to use and great apps to.
The tablet is not incredibly easy to use and to load stuff onto.
They advertise zero lag time. Does still need to buffer
I bought these for my son and I'm very happy with my purchase. They can do everything on these that they need to do and The Price is Right in case they drop them in water
I own a couple FireSticks and decided to give the Fire Tv a try. I'm glad I did because you can tell the difference right out of the box. Not that there is anything wrong at all with the stick, but the smooth speed and response is a welcomed attribute to my most used television.
This item is great got for my sister as a birthday gift. She uses it for reading and music
Would recommend this to others better than kindle fires of best
The battery life is amazing and quickly gets a full charge
I bought this tablet for 1 reason to get back into reading books. It is perfect for that. Didn't really mess around with anything else.
THIS ITEMS IS READING USING IT FOR READING AND LITE SURFING
Needs to buffer less frequently than the current gen Fire stick. Plugged it in and was watching movies on Kodi within 45 minutes. Pretty happy with this.
While it is mostly a way to sell you more stuff, it is very useful and you can manage the temptation with discipline.
Great Speed. Nice Graphics. Really love this Fire.
I got the Amazon Echo for my Parents. Since my Dad often ask us to look up things on our cell phones, I thought Alexa would be a great substitute in our absence. I love the easy setup and sound quality. My Dad is still learning how to navigate and at times gets frustrated with Alexa not having a response to his many questions. However keeping up with grocery list and Dr Appts are great for them. Amazon records what you ask which seems to pierce ones privacy. I'm sure it's for programming purposes since it's ever evolving, but beware what you ask Alexa because she'll remember.
If you want to read books without the bulky books, this is what you need. Lightweight even.
Purchased this for my 8yr old son, glad I did. This is not to much for him to handle. He's reading, playing games, and he loves it.
Great for my grandchildren to keep up on the reading during the summer months It's so easy for the parents to actually monitor whether they do or do not do the reading.
Absolutely love it! Watch movies all the time. Great investment!
The best in the market as far as e-reader goes. The text is sharp with the new screen. The backlight are useful for reading at night without lights on. Integration with the Kindle store makes it very easy to instantly purchase and read the book.I have one small build quailty issue with the unit that I have. The left side of the Kindle creaks when I squeeze on it. Exchanged for a new unit but problem still persists (although not as bad).
I use it to read books. Have read a lot of books on it. The right size and lighting for any situation.
Purchased for grandsons. They were not happy with it because it was not compatible with their iTunes.
My son and granddaughter love them. Clear screen and game play is great.
Alexa has been a nice addition to our home devices. I originally thought I would use her more for playing music, but am finding that I am using her more and more every day from checking the weather, traffic to work, changing the temp on our Nest, news, checking local hours for various stores....the list goes on and on. Very pleased with my purchase.
Works great with everything thing I use. Battery lasts long but gets hot with games.
For the price it's a great tablet for a kid to start off with.
Great way to save on cable. Wifi enabled so really simple to install.
Enjoy the fire kindle and would recommend to people
a very easy unit to use. Lots of entertainment options to watch.
I got this tablet for my son works good enough for his age. I recommend this tab for kids
Excellent resource for children video streaming by Wifi using mobile hotspot with kids.
I love my Firebox along with Alex I can ask almost anything and Alex will let me know
Great for kids and adults !easy to use and carry around
Easy to set up and simple price is good cant complaint
I purchased the Amazon Echo, and the Harmony Elite remote control as part of my new automated smart home devices. I love being able to control my TV and Entertainment system simply by saying Alexa. However, It is my opinion that these systems are not completely bug free and will probably be improved over time. In addition, setting up Amazon Echo can be time consuming if you are not technologically inclined. Overall, the Amazon Echo is smart home dream come true.
Very small tab with a great resolution. Price is also low.
Most people buy this for use with Amazon Prime, but that isn't absolutely necessary as there are many other useful apps that are available.
Device is user friendly. Very easy to navigate and much faster than the FireStick. Can also install Kodi unlike other streaming devices.
The kindle is perfect for fast browsing, reading ebooks, my kids love the product and I am now using the tablet for work. It fits perfectly in my bag and with the swipe method I can type a lot faster.
Great reading device under all lighting conditions
I have bought 5 of these now for kids and for gifts. They are priced right, work well, and are easy to use. If you like your Android phone you will like this tablet
Love it. Best decision ever right here . . dump cable and join the rest of the world.
continually loses connection to the internet. app says it s connected but says check back later. Worked for the first month or so but now works one minute and dumb two minutes later. Constantly asking Alexa, Alexa,;ALEXA!!
Excellent product. Works flawlessly and very handy.
Love the speed and the quality of this product. Watch all my shows in great definition.
Excellent tablet with nice screen. I wish Amazon would pre install the play store, this would have been perfect.
This has worked flawlessly since I bought it a few months ago. Easy to use. Nice apps. Used primarily for Playstation Vue tv.
Great tablet for price. Highly recommended, quick and easy to use.
Works great for my grandson - had the Geek squad get a security plan setup on it and him acquainted with it. Battery life not great, but with a bright 10 inch screen on a THIN tablet is not surprising.
I lost my Kindle reader and bought this to replace it. With quad core processor, it's very fast, faster than my Samsung Tab 2. I use it as a reader and, when traveling, use it to watch stuff on Amazon Prine, HULU or Netflix. And it's only 49.99. 8 GB memory, but I don't use it for photos, so that doesn't matter.
I have owned all the past generations of fire stick and this blows them out of the water.
It is so much easier to hold a Kindle than a heavy book and I love it. I also like that it is lighted.
like the fact that this is backlit, but has more of the contrast like in the early versions of the kindle that were not backlit
You don't have to pay a high cable bill if you purchase product.
Works perfectly! Couldn't be more pleased.
I don't know why I waited so long to purchase one!! I like that I can check out books from the library, and don't have to worry about not getting them returned late.
cannot connect to bluetooth, for this price it is a nice item
The kindle fire is so handy and easy to use.We own 4
I own a a previous model of the kindle and like that. I thought it couldn't get any better. Them I found this its touch screen and it lights up. So you literally can read it anytime, in the light in the dark. I use it everyday.
The Paperwhite is a decent enough product for someone wanting an eInk screen. I don't understand some of the lack of customization options, even on what seems to be simple things. Like why can't I see the TIME in the status bar? Why can't I customize the "click zones". Also, contrary to Amazon's claims, my PC app does NOT sync the documents that I emailed to the device (the Android App does, though). I also see their ads when the device is off and starts. If they gave me the ability to save those recommendations (as opposed to "read now"), I might have checked a couple of them out by now. Still, for the money, it gets the job done and helps keep my eyes from getting as tired as they did when I just used my phone to read.
My son loves his kindle! It was relatively inexpensive and he has dropped it multiple times and not a scratch!
Used it and looks very paper like. They integrated the simplest form of an e reader, which makes it stand out for its use.
Bought this tablet for a relative for Christmas who wanted access to audiobooks. My only issue is that the tablet needs a wifi connection in order for the audio to work with certain apps. Not a problem if you have constant access to wifi but my relative does not. Nice tablet otherwise.
We have had no issues with this tablet. Love it!TY
I bought this for my wife because she plays a lot of games along with my grandson, this is perfect to download all the games they want without taking up space on her iPad.
Excellent machine for children. Easy to use and download.
Bought this device to stream Netflix, Amazon Prime, and to play downloaded content. For that purpose it is sufficient. I wouldn't use a Fire Tablet as a productivity device as it is seriously underpowered. Fire tablet bogged down pretty quickly when I attempted to multi-task. Bottomline, this is not an iPad replacement - particularly if you like to do a variety of things on your tablet. But at $33 on sale, this was a very good deal for my purposes.
This is my first tablet, and I have yet to do much more with it than read news articles and comic books. But I really like its picture quality and intuitive usability. My only complaint is that it doesn't support certain Microsoft and Google applications.
We decided to buy the amazon tabs due to the great price on black Friday. We returned them.
Great value! This tablet is great for everything. It's not as powerful as an iPad but the price can't be beat.
Great product great price wold recommended this great gift
I have had several Kindles (they don't last super long before breaking) and love reading on them. My only complaint is that they aren't very durable and tend to break after about 2 years of regular use. Being that they aren't super expensive, it's not a huge deal, but bit enough to not earn 5 stars.
Love it will recommend it to my friends.Found it to be as good as having a I pad.You can take good photos and face time as well as text.A vary llite tablet that comes in a number of colors.You can also use it out doors because it has a polarizing filter.
I bout this item for my granddaughter for Christmas. It has games that she enjoys playing The case protects the device very well. It also can be set up for age appropriate games etc. As she gets older you can change that. It is bigger than an iPod and smaller than an iPad and has a better price. Since it is a google device you can go there to get more apps
This tablet is good to browse the web, check emails, watch youtube videos,... The screen is small but still bigger than any smartphone.It's a bit slow but it's a good bang for the buck.Big drawback: no access to google play and no support for chromecast if you want to cast to your TV.
Bought this for my kids before a big road trip. It was a great buy! The battery was good, the tablet is easy to use and navigate. My kids loved it! Would buy again.
This is without a doubt the best Streaming Device on the market. Like the fire stick, I have also purchased many of these devices for friends and family (the ones i like more obviously because of the higher price), And I have had zero issues with any of them. These are capable of doing everything you want them to do just like the fire stick, but better and faster, and possibly in 4k if you have the content and technology to support it.
we have hooked up to the whole home and it will take care of anything we ask it works great and does so much.
I own a Kindle HD and completely love it! But when trying to read in areas with a lot of light I kept getting a glare. With the paperwhite I have no more glare. Awesome!
So, we looked at the same tablet set up for kids at $80-$90, got this one for $50 and just installed the kids package. Great potty training tool.
I had an older kindle that I still love but it didn't have the backlight. This one is lighter weight and has the backlight making it perfect to carry with me everywhere I go. So delighted that my husband thought to get this as a Christmas present for me to enjoy!
This Fire TV is a great way to cut the cord on cable provider or satellite. We are able to stream everything we need and in 4k on our TV. Definitely worth the value.
This little thing does everything and does it quickly. It could use a case, so think about getting one, but as an eReader it does everything it is supposed to.
Good enough for the price, I guess, but the touchscreen doesn't work in spots
Bought this for a child it's very durable and works very good for his games and things
This was a Christmas gift for my 2 year God son and he absolutely loves it
He and his wife are delighted with it and the acess to the huge number of books available.
Good product for a young child to play with without breaking
I like the paperwhite as it was very easy to read while sitting on the beach in bright sunlight
Great learning apps. My 3 year old won't put it down.
able to read many more books and very nice to handle
She tells jokes, controls my lights and music, sets alarms... I actually got it on sale soooo I think it's pretty worth it. Not sure if full price is a good deal or not.
Love the new fire TV. replaced my Cable TV box. now I just need to have internet services!! save me a ton of money. I can watch live TV to on demand movies. great product!!
Without a doubt the best bang for your buck amazon tablets are in the runnings for great tablets come in various sizes and definitely will give you apps to fill your every needs amazon hit a home run with price and value highly recomend!!!!!!!!! great for gifts. Dont forget black friday and Christmas will be here soon get your points rolling treat yourself to a tablet best buy will be more than willing to help !!!!!!!!!!
I've had multiple Amazon Fire tablets. They are a great bargain. I love the ease of use and functionality. The only downfall is that it is really slow to charge.
Perfect..grandson, age 16 months, just loves it! No worries if dropped.
A great tablet for the price--really no major complaints!
The echo is a great product for anyone! Love being able to find answers to all my questions so fast!
The tablet works great so far. The parent features are nice also.
I was expecting a tablet good enough for the kids to play and download games, and I was told at BB that this product would work for these basic needs. It seems like everything I download needs to be through my Amazon account, very few items are for free, and everything takes forever to download and/or open. Wish I could return it!
This was a major update from a smart DVD player. Much faster and easier to use.
My kids love theirs. No problem out of this tablet.
I love that is great for kids and the parents can monitor it. The kids love it too.
I pick it for one feature but it does so much more. I rave about it to everyone
It's has the perfect settings for my kids usage. Keeps her away from all the inappropriate stuff n she has easy access to any downloads that interest her. Only downside is she can't access YouTube kids.
Excellent product focusing on only plain e-readable material, with simple options to operate, no much fancy but worth a million in terms of product worthiness to keep a lot more documents with less memory and has basic internet connectivity option available. Happy experience with Paperwhite Kindle...
Love my Amazon echo! Everything exactly as advertised
Has so many games for the kids to choose from, I love that I can make different profiles for each kid to limit what they play
I love love my Amazon Fire TV. It was super easy to set up and get going. I have access to even more than I thought I would. So easy to use and we have had no problems at all. I cannot recommend this enough!
Smartphone works on the job for me, but with the Fire I can read instructions and worksheets. It is a useful tool for connecting with both friends and colleagues. 8-inches is the right size for holding in hand and carrying with you. Gives me the information, beats printing everything out, or carrying around a large laptop.
I like this tablet very much. For the price I couldn't ask for more. Very user friendly. Very kid friendly too.
Fast and easy to use. Downloading apps is convenient.
Bought this for Christmas exchange. Very cheap because I used reward points. No complaints yet.
This is my first e-reader. The screen has a nice feel to it. It reads really well. I don't like the fact that Amazon has total control of your purchases. I do not like the Amazon free unlimited book trial. They don't allow access to certain titles. So far I am able to find most of my book selections. I will be creating my own reading lists and want zero input from Amazon. The battery life seams to be awesome. Of course when you shut it off ads pop up. The kindle claims that it doesn't take up battery to display these ads. But they seem to mysteriously change on their own (even when it is turned off) Strange. It is super nice that you can read in the dark with this one. (Kindle Paperwhite) I like the fact it is small enough to carry around in a purse, yet big enough to read...the font is adjustable too, if you need bigger letters.
This is fourth one.As I upgrade I give my old ones to my kids and bought some for the family.
I upgraded from a first gen Firestick. The Fire TV box is lightning fast. Tons of apps to play with. It could either be an addition to your cable/satellite tv experience or it could help you cut the cord.
Good tablet wish I could download apps on it like on my phone such as bank info, n other app I use would b more beneficial for kids
Alexa is a useful tool to have around the house and she helps us with simple tasks and needs.
Bought as a gift but have not had any issues with products purchased from you
Apps and streaming run great. Searching and growing movie and show selection could use some tweets.
What a device! Ask Alexie what time it is, how far it is from Pluto to Saturn or play some Buddy Holley, she does it all. Loads o f fun!
BOUGHT MINE ON BLACK FRIDAY AND IT IS AWESOME. MY FIRST TABLET AND IT IS GREAT WITH ALL OF THE AMAZON FEATURES.
I had gotten this primarily to watch movies and run some basic internet programs. I have been very pleased to date with the speed of the processor and picture quality.
Well built. Easy to set up. I was unsure about this product before purchasing. Alexa better than Siri. When paired with WeMo products, very useful.
a $50 dollar tablet that will do more than an ipad...how can you go wrong!!!
From the small design, this unit packs big power. Although the newer model has an external memory port for sd cards that make this even better, the amount of endless apps, and movie choices(if you have prime) makes this essential. You can still order shows and movies without prime, and many apps are free. I would recommend the newer model and at least a 32gb sd card for heavy users, or if kids will be using it to download apps, as the internal memory runs out pretty quick.
I bought one for my son for his birthday. Loved it so much I bought a second one for my self.
Bought two for early teenagers-they want books, games and it helps to teach responsibility of e-mail and social media use.
There are tons of apps and everyone can watch what they want. with the micro SD card you never run out of space. in my opinion is better than the Apple tv. I have both.
I gave this Fire 7 tablet to a good friend for Christmas. All she had was a smart phone before and it is pretty small. She just loved the ease of setting it up and uses it all the time now. So much easier to navigate than her phone. Now she can lad books and read for a lot cheaper than buying them in the stores. She said she couldn't have received a better gift.
This is a great tablet for its price and it has many uses
I have Amazon Prime and this is a must for it. Very happy with it.
I got this for my husbands birthday. It is fun. We mostly use it to listen to music because it makes it so easy to find an artist. I wish I could change her name to anything I want
This amazon fire tv box is amazing. The picture quality is awesome
I like it. it's better to read books online even I owned iPhone, iPad,and itc.
I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.
I bought this for my 3 year old son for Christmas. It keeps him busy while my wife and I take him out to dinner at a restaurant. It's relatively easy to use and he likes some of the kids videos we downloaded for free.
This was the perfect gift for my daughter. She can play games, watch movies and browse YouTube. Now I can officially have my phone back.
The only bad thing is it doesn't have google on it
Easy and age appropriate. Can set timers for tv and movie watching my granddaughter finds the educational games more interesting and fun.
Perfect! Perfect screen size, fast, and picture is beautiful! I love it.
My wife bought one at Best Buy. I had to go back and get her $40 dollars when the price went from $179 to $139. I decided I would get her one -- but they were out of stock. I ordered one thru Amazon --- but it still hasnt gotten here.
This little bad boy totally enables us to live our cord cutter dreams. Full of sweet apps that make you think twice about anything you thought you'd miss from real TV. Canceled my cable, onward to the future or bust!
Good features alexa integrates very well into daily lives also speaker sound is quite good
My 3yo is quite rough with stuff, as most are. And the case that comes with it is great!!
Tablet is perfect for someone who needs it does what it needs to do .I bought it specifically to add music to it and sync it to my trucks radio ... Works flawlessly
Integrated easily with ecobee3, insteon products. Music playing capability is great with prime membership
I wanted a cheap e-reader that also had tablet capabilities. I mostly use this to check out and read books from the library, but also do other things like read emails, browse the web, etc. It's a great reasonably priced e-reader/tablet. I recommend it.
Works well love the 4k a must for anyone who owns a 4K TV east to hookup and use
This is an awesome tablet. I would highly recommend it.
This product is very good for little kids to keep some very entertained. Occasionally
Amazon fire box all that and then some. Very satisfied with my purchase.
It's prefect for everyone, from my kids to us adults less tech savvy!
At this moment perfect and close to book eReader in todays world. Your eyes won't harm you. Nice deal in Bestbuy
The Fire TV has a lot of content, especially if you are a Prime member. Apps are easy to install and use
Funny thing since Steve Jobs has passed away techies have been waiting for the next great thing from apple and sadly its more of the same well Amazon did all techies a favor with this invention something Apple should have done with Siri but didn't. Hands free Alexa who hears your command 99 percent of the time instead of 50 haha aka Siri. Team this up with a smart hub like Phillip lightbulbs and a nest system and a harmony hub and you living like Ironman.
I bought it as gift to my neiece and she liked it.
But, fast forwarding through content can reset the cursor and put you at the beginning of the content. And, occasionally can get you out of the application. Perhaps additional memory in a future version of this product may fix this. However, watching subscription free content is always a treat.Good solid product. I also own Roku and its interface slightly easier for elderly and those with not much patience.
I basically just brought it for my child to play with. I didn't want to pay a lot of money for a tablet so this was the way to go.
I bought this for my mom. The type is adjustable and it has a backlight for easy reading !
I own several Amazon Echoes. I use them primarily to listen to the vast Amazon Prime Music library, which gives you access to millions of songs for a reasonable annual fee. The sound quality of the Echo is excellent, though is lacking in deep bass extension. Overall I would recommend the Amazon Echo.
Was easy to set up. Excellent sound quality for the price
Works great with my older Kindle!
Like the ability to play a game or 2 when I take a break from reading...
I have 2 FireTV boxes and 2 Fire Sticks and love them both. The sticks buffer a bit sometimes but the box never does for us. I use it with Playstation Vue and it works great!
I love amazon fire tablets so I bought a tablet for each kid and they love it. You can't beat the price will differently buy more later on.
I have both Apple TV and amazon fire tv. Love the 4k display and features that amazon fire tv has. The alexa feature is great as well!
I really like the large screen. Excellent graphics
This tablet works well for surfing the internet and playing music.
Alexa speaks clearly and gives comprehensive answers to questions asked of it. Having weather, sports and news on voice demand without having to type a request is terrific.
I have 2 iPad at home but I use Amazon Kindle fire for study. Very easy to use and light enough to hold in hand for long time.
My granddaughter really likes it. "She" found age-appropriate games to play.
Voice recognition is astounding with only a few hang ups, mostly because of my accent. Great app to aid Alexa in to-dos and lists. New skills are added often to even further Alexa's uses. Only thing I would change is the ability to connect to another Bluetooth speaker for Pandora Radio.
Great product. Device performed as described. Great reviews.
Very good for the price. Would buy it again for sure.
Works great, have used both with wireless and hard wired, works well both ways. Have bought multiple Fire TV boxes, and had one that the wireless did not work so well, so ended up hard wiring that one and everything was good to go, would have been a bigger problem if access was not so close.
We love our Alexa. We can get so much info from this thing & we listen to music all the time. This thing has an awesome speaker for the size.
So much information is put at your fingertips. I love the unit and I'm going to buy one for my grandson.
my husband loves this. we coupled it with the playstation vue streaming service for $30/mo and dropped cox cable totally. we found that the amazon fire box offers a channel guide for ps vue that the roku does not, which is def a helpful feature to have with ps vue.
My sister told me about the Kindle Fire and I wanted one so she said she bought hers from Best Buy.
It came with dead pixels so i was very disappointed. i called then they replaced it. I ended up returning it completely because it was too slow.
The Kindle is great for just reading books, and the battery power is pretty good.The experimental browser is not very user friendly.
Very easy to use! Love that you could talk to it and take you where you want.
purchased it tonight, time is wrong, you cannot change time manually because it has to have wifi to update the time.....AND IT WON'T CONNECT TO ANY WIFI THAT NEEDS A PASSCODE OR PASSWORD BECAUSE IT HAS TO HAVE CORRECT TIME!!!!!!! THIS IS 2016 TECHNOLOGY AMAZON? I've had many devices, but none that make you find a WIFI without a password (hard to do because starbucks, hotels, etc. all need you to click to agree to their terms for wifi...) all because the time cannot be changed without wifi!!!Returning it tomorrow!!!!!P.S. ALSO AN ISSUE ON THE AMAZON FORUMS, SO I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE DEALING WITH THIS!
Very good for me put it in my purse or use it in bed love it.
This is a great beginner tablet for children. Bumper pad fantastic for protection from falls.
Seriously a flawless, portable, smart, multipurpose gadget. Add this to the incredible Flash Sale price and I'd have been a fool to pass it up. Fast charge, balanced tuning, easy to pair and did I mention highly portable? The cradle is a sweet design too. The only beef I have is that YOUR BLUETOOTH IS PAIRED screaming at you when syncing. Own one of these-
Great stuff to have. It is a good tool to help your kids go out and find knowledge! And this does help. Wanting knowledge should still be encourage.
I brought this tablet for my mother, who's never touched a computer, and she loved it. It's great for beginners, and well worth the cost.
Very easy to set up. Sound is really good. The microphone works well and Alexa is responsive. Great Assistant.
Really enjoying our Amazon Echo. Have programmed lights and am looking forward to other things.
I bought this for my wife who just uses it for reading really. You can do other things like any other tablet. This is just really lite weight and easy to use. Plus its smaller than the ipads and other tablet that you'd have to carry around.
Fun to use and play with. Answers questions very quickly,
I bought this for my Grandkids and they absolutely love them.
Works great and constantly updated and improving. I use it to turn on my lights, my fan and adjust my two thermostats. I also ask it to play my favorite talk radio and more. Will pick up more for other parts of the house.
These are really cool I got them for my parents and they really enjoy them.
This is a good tool for reading without losing your bookmark!
Amazon Echo is an amazing product. Great sound!!!!
I had the first gen kindle and this is soooo much better. Screen looks better, the front and back camera is cool, the side control buttons are convenient and so far the tablet works great. It was an easy setup and transfer from my Amazon acct. I bought it originally for my 4 yr old so the parental controls are great too.
This is the best overall value among all Kindle readers. The built-in light feature is must-have.
Great tablet! Perfect size. I bought this on Black Friday, couldn't beat the price!
For the price & quality this produce is great for gifts or for the person that likes to read on the go.
The kids love it! They love the different colors so that everyone knows which one is theirs.
I like the kindle paper white because you don't need s light on to read it,
I only had a chance to download one movie and I was impressed with clarity of pic
Ordered one for my daughter. It's the fourth Kindle we have bought and love them. Perfect for watching videos and movies.
Love that I could get it in a color! And it's just the right size for little hands.
great fun to use easy I used it to automate my house and set my schedule
This is our 4th kindle and we love them as "beginner" tablets for kids! No worries of data overages and with the sd card slot memory will no longer be an issue!
My 2nd Fire. Great picture quality. Easy to use. Would recommend for all ages.
Very easy to read and the backlight adds to it and does not hurt the battery time much.
Still learning all of the different things Alexa can do. Love having access to information about the weather, traffic, etc as well as music at a command. My daughter loves asking her questions. Very entertaining for friends as well
The whole family enjoys having "Alexa" play music and other features.
My grand daughter loved it. She plays with it all the time.
This is my second kindle fire I have purchased for myself and a family member. Great tablet, easy to use, light weight and a great price.
This is a great device for streaming content to your TV. If you have an Amazon Prime account, definitely a must buy. Worth the extra money over the Fire Stick.
Easy set up, great for music streaming. This is my 2nd Echo, got last one thanksgiving sale, so happy I did.
Great device. Works very well and use it throughout the day.Keeps me informed and great for looking up things and staying in contact.
I had problems with my White page and was in the process of buying ad new Kindle I found this was a better unit for my use than tine White-page.
This tablet works like nothing I've ever had Long lasting battery and great running system, , fast browser even faster app downloading,
My son really likes this tablet. He wishes it was a little bit bigger screen size
Got this for my Father but added a 32GB drive so he can have more storage. Love the idea that you can do that & wish Apple would do the same.
This echo is all that I hoped it to be the music is loud and the voice recognition is great
Enjoy using this as much if not more than the Apple TV
So glad had opportunity to purchase for only $33! Amaazing tablet for Septagenarian. Always wanted a Kindle but not at original prices. Will use more for internet but also as reader. Not into games but would be fabulous for a youngster. Prime is great!
Easy to use but would like more apps to use with looking food to connect to home devises
I had one of the original Kindles and I found that I just absolutely quit reading and it was because of the bulk and size of the Kindle. I decided to give this one a try and I absolutely love it and I'm back to reading every day and the reason is because it is more the size of a paperback. It's lightweight and I love that I can read at night without having have a light on. I did however purchase The Geek Squad protection after my dog that was sitting in my lap almost said it flying to the floor when he jumped up out of my lap
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. She's an avid reader and doesn't get much time to do so. This was a perfect gift so she can travel with it.
With a job on the cutting edge of tech stuff I wanted to experience the Echo and Alexa. Oddly my wife who is not tech focused loves talking to Alexa to get her favorite radio station or music to play. Right now it's a novelty - unnecessary but fun. As we increase our smart home I think the echo will be the center of it.
The Echo is used all day long. Alexa responds to an amazing number of requests. One item of concern is the grandkids commands to Alexa - need to figure a way to block kids.
Great great great great great great great great tablet.
My son's Kindle Fire finally quit, I was happy to see it in such fun colors at a great price to replace the old one.
Nothing like turning on your music, checking the local weather and traffic, getting world information and controlling the lights around your home all HANDS FREE!!! I purchased this for my wife for Mother's Day and I use it myself all the time! This is a Must Have...
1st kindle screen failed & had to reboot often. Customer Service couldn't fix. Replaced. 2nd one screen reboots often. Customer service offered replace. Just want one that works. Can't get upgrade replacement
Since I am a prime member, this fits perfectly into our tv watching lineup.
I have a few of things and they all work great. Gonna get another one soon.
I don't give anything 5 stars...nothing is or will remain perfect. I got one for a birthday in 2015. It was easy to set up and works like a charm. This last Christmas I bought an Echo and a Dot for gifts. I set them up for them and they love them. I like Amazon products... we own 3 kindles as well.
This product makes it easier to pay my bills online and search for things to buy
I wanted to get a portable Bluetooth speaker that I could use while out as well as at home. The tap has great sound quality and Alexa is more useful than I would have thought.
THIS TABLE WAS PERFECT FOR WHAT I NEED IT FOR. IT HAS GREAT SPEED AND WHOLE ALL MY DOWNLOADS.
Amazing box I love everything it offers, this is perfect for everything you are looking to stream live for :)
Great little tablet I gave as a gift to my mom. She is not tech savvy at all and she seems to have no real issues using it.
I had a first-generation one and still in good shape. I purchased this new one mainly because of its updated OS 5. It seems also lighter. The performance is quite satisfactory. The SD feature is an important upgraded feature to the previous model. The only drawback is its over-simplified wrapping, even simpler than most low-end smart phones.
Bought this for my husband we both get a kick out of it. Very easy to use and I would definitely recommend this to all my family and friends.
Set up was a breeze- we are constantly enjoying the music with great speaker quality- lots of apps to use
Great gift however I wish it was 16G. It was way the angel tree child wanted so thats what she got. Works great and screen is clear.
I purchased 2 as xmas gifts for kids. Perfect size and I could set up child accounts under my existing Amazon account. Win, win!
I have to say I have enjoyed this over many droid boxes and I think it's easier to use. It has gotten locked up a few times and I had to unplug it to have it do a hard restart. Other then that I have to say for the price it's a good product
I love this device I use it everyday for all tv uses.
It's a great value & easy to use. Love the screen for easy reading & being able to access my games, music, & have access to the web.
I actually purchased these tablets for some students that attend an after school program at the Salvation Army, but I also have a Kindle Fire as my personal tablet.
I love my kindle fire. They are a great compact device that can do so much. I can read books for free, play a game and look up answers to my kids questions so quickly!
Gave as a Christmas gift. Don't know how good it works, or anything about it
Got it for you tube only, does the job. No complaints. Was a gift
excellent picture quality, it does not froze at all.
Light weight, long battery life. Love the back lighting
I bought this few months back. Its really useful which travelling. I connect to Wifi in flights and watch movies. No need to carry laptop. Its really affordable too.
Was very impressed by the quality of the picture would recommend to everyone.
I did my research and purchased one of these for one purpose, to side load Kodi on it. I was told in the store by an Associate that Amazon had blocked this ability, but this was not true. I had no intention of Rooting the box and it was not needed. It side loaded so simply that anyone could do it, no PC needed. It has a faster processing speed and better picture quality then the Amazon Fire Stick..and this does 4K video. Amazing little media box that has tons of entertainment for a small price. If you have fast enough internet I would highly recommend picking one up!
Took sometime to learn all the things it can do. Very easy to set up.
Very easy to setup and even more importantly easy to use.
We purchased this tablet for my 9 year old daughter as a extra Christmas present. She loved it from the start, great starter tablet for reading and games. No lag on gaming, just enough space and perfect for using around the house. Highly recommended for first time tablet or starter. Especially for the price.
Alexa is super easy to set up. Works great even if you're not a Amazon Prime member, but if you have Prime the added benefits are awesome! I added this to my echo dot.
Loves it. Best thing ever. Works amazing with my Hue Lights.
Not bad, especially for the price. Mine had one dead pixel in a prominent place that was pretty annoying. I ended up returning it and buying a 10.1" Lenovo tablet.
My kids use this tablet. It works great! I think I got more than what I paid for. Can't expect more for approx $30.
Sure helps in the " cord cutting" with the cable company!!
Upgrading from an older version. This kindle is so much faster. Love my new kindle.
Left the Barnes & Noble nook because Amazon has way more options and so far glad I'm changed e-readers!
My wife likes to web-surf in bed and was using a 15" notebook for years. Found it to be very cumbersome and was looking for an alternative. Tried out this Amazon Fire 7 figuring it would be adequate, but has exceeded expectations. Seems quick with good screen resolution. Only problem is doesn't always respond to finger or stylus swipe which seems common with most of these touch screens.
Purchased the Echo as a bridal shower gift. My niece and her fiancé are still learning about all it can do but already reported back to me that they love it. I was told it is the most favorite gift they received.
I got the Kindle Paperwhite to read on the beach. The screen is easily read in the sun. The compact size is nice for travel too.
I have heard so many great things about the Fire so I bought it as a starter tablet for a relative.
I love the Fire TV concept. I had the Roku before and didn't like it so that went back to the store. I've played with the Fire TV for a couple of days and fell in love with it. All my Amazon contents are on here.I'm trying to cut my cable tv provider out and I think I found a good solution. When my FIOS contract end, I'm moving over to the Fire TV and I'll just get a HD antenna for the house. This unit is very fast and very capable. Based on the Android environment, you can do almost anything on here (entertainment wise.)
I bought this for my wife. She had a Barnes and Noble Nook, this took it's place. She uses the Kindle Fire daily from reading books and playing games to looking up things on the web. She lives it.
It did not meet my expectations and was pretty slow.
The back light is better for your eyes then reading on a tablet or phone and is similar to reading a paperback book but you can read in the dark without needing a book light
Love it so much. So easy to use even for my little kids.
Has some good apps and performance is good for the specs.
this was a Great product. i would recommend this..
Easy and enjoyable to use! Had the original and wasn't sure I'd like the change, but I do!
If you need to read a review about this product, you've been living in a cave.
Alexa is fun! I like that she turns out our lights. My kids love her corny jokes.
I was told by buying a new receiver that listed Netflix on the box that it was a good deal. Not so. Best Buy explained how this worked and saved me a lot of money. Gotta love this place!!
My daughter loves her tablet. I couldn't have made a better purchase.
Very easy to set up and use. Has good sound when playing music. I'm going to buy another one.
My 3yr. old loves this tablet. Easy for her to use. She watches videos plays games.
No home automation yet but will add some soon. Great for music, speaker sound is really good and works great for us. Haven't used Alexa to buy directly but see that will probably happen. Very pleased with the purchase
I like this tablet I'm very impressed with it I didn't expect it to do too much but my goddaughter has the same tablet and I thought I'd purchase it for my two-year-old just to keep her busy when mommy has business to handle and it does a pretty good job.
I have bought several Kindle Fire's over the years. I think they are great for streaming movies & videos. You can downloaded movies on the device and use it while off wi-fi.
My 14yo daughter loves to read and watch certain shows on Netflix as well as Amazon prime. She is less interested in the apps which is a good thing since you do not have access to google play and all of those apps unless you 'side load' the Google play app which, for the casual person, is more technical that you would like.
Given as Christmas gift to my great little nephew ..
Fun for the kids to ask it questions. Their having fun with it.
Absolutely love the amazon fire tv. I got this because it was one of the few streaming services that was compatible with DIRECTV Now. And it has not disappointed! Runs super fast! It only buffered every once and awhile. But Bot enough to cause an issue.
Differently recommend. Easy to install and ease of use.
Having so much fun asking questions, getting the weather and best of all playing the music I want
Perfect size for on the go. Some apps aren't compatible due to it being an Amazon tablet vs Android. But an overall good purchase.
This product far exceeded my expectations. I've had no issues thus far in regards to video quality.
Perfect for carrying around with you carefree, for everyday tasks like email, Facebook, reading, news etc you can't beat it
Video files transferring issue. Some files appear.
My wife loves it better than the samsung galaxy tab 2 that she origanally used.
Just the right size for reading books and playing some games.
WHAT DID WE DO BEFORE ALL THIS TECHNOLOGY? I LOVE THE ECHO! THE SOUND AND FEATURES ARE AMAZING!
great streaming device for non smart hdtv. a must for any home
Voyager is super easy to use and see, love the translations too!
I own a kindle fire hd 1st gen. No issues still to this day. Battery is still like new after 3 + years of use. I bought this new Kindle for a gift and its been running great with no issues. Bought myself a samsung tab 4. Junk. This kindle even boots faster than the tab 4. Touch screen much better than the tab 4.
Great resolution, easy to use. Amazon Prime gives you free movies, books, and games!
I bought one specifically to play music videos in my car with the Bluetooth sinced to my stereo. It's awesome.
I find this satisfies my desire for a book reader and small tablet at an excellent price ($39.95 - on special sale). It is a version of Android, and will take many but not all android apps. Actually, I haven't used many conventional android apps with it, and none of them has failed to work. I have been able to use Bluetooth accessories such as keyboard and powered external speaker. I would buy this again, and actually have. But the second time is as a gift.
I love my new Fire HD and it takes great photos! It has a nice size screen but is compact enough to fit in my purse.
I love this tablet. It is great for indoor reading as well as outdoors. The back lighting makes it ideal for indoor spaces that are not well lit.
This is an excellent tool to help our granddaughter advance her learning skills and also allows her an opportunity to play educational games
I would recommend this ereader above all others for its high quality and diversity. Not only as an ereader but as a web browser.
It is a great product. Very reasonable price does exactly what my kids need it to do
Loveit . Easy to hook up and even our 4 year old granddaughter uses Alexa.
The product would be great if it was easier to find the setting icon and if amazon wouldn't charge you a $1 for downloading applications that are labeled "free." The one dollar is automatically charged by amazon but you can dispute it with your Credit Company.
Once you learn how to use it you can have some fun with it plus it can be educational.
So convenient and hands-free control of functions I'd normally do on my iPhone
I like the small, light weight size, and the adaptive lighting. But the page turning is too sensitive, skipping ahead many pages when I am just moving the Kindle, and going back and then forward when I am trying to change just one page.
The Fire Stick is easy to setup and use you will love it
I have the Roku 4, and new Apple TV, this streaming box is just a good as them. I only got it because I have Amazon Prime (even though you can get eh Amazon Video app for Roku), I wanted the complete experience.
I returned this product after deciding to standardize on one streaming technology. I chose Roku because of reputation, the Best Buy salesperson's recommendation, and the included headphones with Roku.
Great tablet for my grandchildren. It's sturdy and they can do many things on the tablet. Watch movies, listen to music, play games and text.
This is a great set top box with plenty of apps that will keep anyone engaged for hours!
Works as expected.
Fire tv works great no issues long as your internet is working good you will forget you are streaming
Granddaughter loves it. It does fantastic for her.
I enjoy it a lot for my son yeah I really enjoyed it and likes it a lot of different options
I took it back the day after purchasing it. The screen looks like you are scrolling through old news print. Blacks out each moment you move it. I thought it was a defect but nope. According to the geek squad that's just the way it is now :(
We like the Echo and use it daily. Have not set up completely.
I love this tablet so much that I bought 7 of then for my family so they can have there
I tried this out for a few weeks and it does not have nearly the programs that it says it does. I would rather pay for Netflix or Hulu.
We bought this to use instead of an IPad for reading books. It's a great buy! no glare from sunlight or lightbulbs and super light and easy to carry around!
Does everything I want and then some. Now streaming sirius xm.
A great streaming device that I use on a daily basis.
My wife wanted an iPad. I bought her this because it was cheaper and good for reading and playing games. She uses iOS products so it's not compatible. She hardly ever uses it. Next time I'll get what she wants and not waste my money.
We love the tablet and its functionality. You can't beat the price and get the same quality.
Great sound. Love it. It's value is well worth it.
I purchased this tablet for all four of my children and my mother! Its durable and easy to use. My 2 year old has more fun with it than anyone else!
Purchased the Echo as a bridal shower gift. My niece and her fianc are still learning about all it can do but already reported back to me that they love it. I was told it is the most favorite gift they received.
I love this tablet/kindle. I can access email, Facebook, play simple games, shop online and read my books.
I bought this item as a gift and I've heard great things about the paper white Kindle. I'm thinking about getting one myself!
Bought this for my son who is 3. He loves it. Compared to an iPad isn't not great, but for $50, it's pretty great.
I love the size and design. works great, I love that i can change font sizes
I am an Amazon Prime member so the Amazon Fire Tv seems to be a no brainer. I took advantage of the Sling Tv offer where you prepay for 3 months you get $50 off of the streaming device. So, basically for $10 more you get 3 months of 20 channels, that's a good deal. Take advantage of it.
It should be easier.to print off highlights and have a choice not.to have every location and other stuff printing with every highlight.It should be easier to erase "All" highlights.Regular book numbers should correlate with location.Easier.to.forward.through chapters.
Great with music, weather, news and Shopping List!!!!! I'm sure that it will only get smarter when asking more directed questions regarding persons, places and things. It is definitely something my family and I use every day!!!!!
It's great just wish it did not need a button to work. Otherwise love it!
I must say I have always been making jokes about Amazon and their devices, but after getting the Amazon Fire 7, I must admit I have been wrong. This little device is amazing for such a low price. You honestly get a lot for your money, and I can definitely recommend it to people who want a good tablet without spending $100+ on one.
This is as good as my my Ipod! I would recommend it
I was hesitant to get a tablet because I was unsure as to how it works and adding a new technology can sometimes be challenging. The Best Buy rep directed me to the Amazon Fire for it's ease of use and he was spot on. Also, the email "introducing" me to my tablet was invaluable and helped me immensely. A nice addition to the helpfulness of staff at your store.
Purchased for my wife so she can play games and not tie up her phone. Seems to play her games alright. It is a bit slow when opening things like the Internet, Facebook or Netflix. Still a decent little tablet for $39.99. Also limited to Amazon app store, so a lot of Android apps are not available (like dice with buddies).
This is my third eReader in past 7 years . And Kindle paper white is my favorite . Enjoyable and clear reading no matter what the llight is even in bright beach sun or subdued night time reading . Touch screen page turning and menus are a delight . Access to Kindle store for book downloads and plenty of storage for many books are just some of the great features .
I bought this for my mother so she could have access to the Internet. Alexa is like a friend you can turn off...but why would you.
I love my Alexa. Great product and capabilities. Can re-order items from Amazon!
Alexa what's the weather like today? Alexa what is 256 times 122? Alexis play soft rock. You ask, and the unit goes to the web and gets you the answer or in one case the music. What more needs to be said?
Amazon Tap is a great device. The device has very good audio quality despite it's small size. The biggest difference between this and the larger Amazon Echo, is that you have to press the "microphone" button before the device will listen to you (which is great for people who are concerned that the Echo is always listening to what you say). So far, the battery life has been great. With the Alexa app, it is very easy to connect this device to different Wi-Fi networks.
We had visited some friends who had Alexa and we had so much fun with her. Went home and ordered our own!
Super useful for my handicapped parents to control lights, answer questions, reminders, and timers!
I like this tablet alot but it was really hard to understand at first.
Love the larger speaker. Works great. use as a music source mostly.
A must have item.
Granddaughter loved it! She began using it right away.
I love the echo! It has great sound. And it hears my commands around the house. It's easy to use. The set up took some time but overall it's great!
This is my second Fire. Wanted a larger size to make eBooks easier to read. Very pleased with the size and clarity of this tablet. Easy to take along in a tote. Perfect for what I wanted it for.
Only reason I was not able to rate this five of five is that the app 3m cloud library is not yet compatible so getting books from the library requires an older app which does not work as well.
Amazon killed the tablet market by introducing this!! $50 for a high quality tablet. Needless to say, everyone got one for Christmas. Easy to use and great quality just a wierd packaging
Love this tablet, it is better than my ipad! There are unlimited full length games, books, etc. I wait for my granddaughter to go to sleep, so I can play it! Great battery life, too. I highly recommend this tablet for adults and children!
Alexa is really great. We also bought the phillips hue lights and the hubs is tickled to death! The grandson likes the short stories she tells with his name! We really like this
Lost mine in an airplane and now feel relieved after getting a new one
I had a kindle for about 4 years, I've been wanting a fire hd for sometimes, because of all the features. I can honestly say that I love my fire hd.
Good charger.
Bought for my 4 yr old. ...great Tablet for his age. ..love the aps
Good working tablet. Just the right size and glad that I am able to add a memory card. Good apps available for this tablet.
I am a HUGE Amazon Fan. I have ( 3 X ) Amazon Fire Tablets I have ( 2 X ) Amazon Fire TVS the 1st and 2nd Generation, I am an Amazon Prime Member, I have the Echo and the Dot. The Amazon Echo is amazing, it works extremely well - especially if you have Prime. The Echo sounds great for its size I would say the only saw back is the Base could sound a little better. BUT all in all I am very happy with this product.
WORKS WELL FOR ME DON'T NEED CABLE TV CAN STREAM ALL MY PROGRAMS WITH FIRE TV
I bought this for my 7 yr. old, for reading, games, and netflix. The only minor annoyance are the ads. Its a little difficult for young new users at first, but she will figure it out! Overall a great purchase!!
Greet tablet to red your favorite books wherever life takes you with this Amazon Kindle
The device is one of the best especially if you are an Amazon Prime subscriber. The Amazon Prime Music on the FireTV is the best music streaming device. The only issue I had is that the remote controler stopped working and I had to use the firetv app on my phone to control the device.
Easy to use, super long battery life. Love how easy it is to buy new books and how it always picks up right where I left off reading.
I bought 2 one for each one of my daughters and they both like them.
Got it for my daughter for her 5th birthday. She enjoys it slot and I enjoy the time limit. So win win.
This is my first Amazon e-reader-tablet and the second e-reader I have. It is easy to use once you get through the initial hoops. I like the free games and the fact that I new can load books from my computer to the tablet. And one thing, I am not in the market for a tablet but for a bigger e-reader. It is a lot better than the Nook that I have. I love this product
Great but needs more work to be worth the money. Very limited in what can be asked in a form of questions. You have to continually down load skills in order to ask questions related to topics this is very taxing and spending time doing it makes you just say, "forget it". Hopefully this will be fixed soon. Really should have purchased the Google one but oh well.....
Perfect compact and powerful.. The Amazon Fire Tv is an amazing piece of hardware.
No issues whatsoever. Works well! Best e reader there is!
this was bought for my wife she loves it . She can get anything answered. what and how to cook things and how to fix things
I bought this as a birthday gift for my brother. It took him a minute to get used to it because he previously used an iPad. However, with the help of YouTube, he quickly got it up and running and has been enjoying it.
I had a first gen paperwhite and wasn't sure if the upgrade would be worth it but it really is a nice step up. Software is pretty much the same obviously, but the screen is a real step up and isn't that why you get a kindle over a tablet.
We watch channels we use to watch on cable and very satisfied with the access.
I wanted something bigger than my phone for reading. I was looking at the kindle fire, and the regular kindle e-readers. I liked the paperwhite and voyager, but they didn't have the ability to play audiobooks. I decided to go with the fire because even though it will be mostly used for reading, I can do many other things with it for a cheaper price.
I purchased two of these tablets and very satisfied with the quality.
gave up old tablet due to battery issues apps take getting used to but nice tablet
We have an echo dot in my son's room and bought this for the kitchen. I'm not sure why this is so much more but has the same functionality. I wish we would have bought another dot instead!
I love this device. It has a host of information but you must ask the question in the correct order. The music library is really good. The jokes can be a little corny like all jokes. The alarm feature is good and the look and styling is outstanding
I bought the Amazon Echo when it first came out, and I loved it so much that I purchased one for another room in my house. Easy set up, great sound quality, and Alexa is very knowledgeable and informative.
Great little tablet perfect for reading books and listen music
This unit has a powerful processor, load contents very quick and stream the movie so smooth.
This device has met my expectations. I read the other reviews and just had to give it a try. The display is easy on the eyes, noticeably more so than a regular tablet. It's lightweight and fits easily in my purse. No complaints here. :)
I was looking for a tablet that will function well for basic web browsing and video playback as a gift for my mom. I initially purchased a Best Buy exclusive tablet that had a slightly larger screen and more memory than this Fire tablet, but it wouldn't comnect to wifi at all and took forever to load to home screen when powering on. Returned it and got this Fire and am so pleased. It does what I want it to do, although we don't use the Amazon extras lol. I just wish the screen size was a bit larger. This connects to wifi well. It does have a couple dead pixels that is really only noticeable when it displays what should be an entirely black image, but does not deter from our enjoyment of this product.
Great for kids of people who don't need lots of memory
Works great! Love modern technology. Easily to transport in a purse.
It is cool.We are in the 21st Century. This the beginning of a whole era of AI technology.
I currently have two fire TVs in my home. Prior to this I had an apple TV which was the one before the newest generation of 2016. It became obsolete with slow streaming speeds all the time. After purchasing the Fire TV I can honestly say its the best bargain in town. The price is just right and has not been an issue in speed or clarity for streaming all your favorite movies shows. The ease of use is also a big plus. I highly recommend if you are on the fence.
Very happy with this kindle. I purchased this kindle over the paperwhite due to the physical buttons.
I would have given this 5 stars but the touch response isn't always responsive. Sometimes it acts like it is frozen, and then it turns the page after several seconds.I like the new features over the paper white as well. I love you don't have to pick up your fingers to turn the page.
Bought this for my mother in law as her first tablet, she loves it! Great value.
Great for all your tablet needs! Email, video, games, and reading! All in one!!
I'm constantly getting updates on how they are making the echo great. It will take time, but needs to also integrate with phone to send and receive calls and text messages. Hate having to tell it what 3rd part app to integrate with also. Good for smarthome features.
This is my second kindle. Love size of screen and it is super light. Great camera.
Excellent speakers for this price range. Combines Bluetooth playback and streaming services. Alexa voice commands are a very convenient way to navigate and get general information.
Pretty tangerine color. First tablet had bad earphone jack; Second product would not connect to wifi no matter where we tried. All of our other tablets work fine.We will order another Amazon fire tablet.
The Echo is a great addition to my home. It's convenient when we need specific information without logging on to the computer. I'm a Star Trek fan & being able to change the command to "computer" is priceless!
once I learn how to use all of the apps I am sure I will enjoy it more but I do have trouble scrolling
streaming is flawless on this device. my 4k tv looks great when sending video from this firetv.
Performs much better than our old Roku and the Firestick! Seems to be way faster, much clearer w/ no buffering issues. I just wish it came with a qwerty keyboard.
Got it on Black Friday and it's a great little tablet for the regular price, let alone the discounted BF deal.
I bought two Amazon - Fire - 7" Tablet - 8GB on sale for $39.99 (Reg. $49.99), at Best Buy since I had a $10 reward coupon so only spent $30.00, saved $20.00 for one tablet and another one 2 months later with another coupon for even less for my elderly mother. Both 7" tablets exceeded my expectations and then some. I downloaded all my apps for my Amazon account and Google Play Store. Setting Kodi was as easy as Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, just download the apps. I love this tablet, it works very well. I bought it because I love to check my e-mails etc. Having a 7" screen makes it all easy and simple. As far as apps go, it has Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and tumblr available. It does not have Instagram available at the Amazon Store, but it does have it at Google Play Store. This Amazon Fire 7" tablet is so lightweight, and you will love it too. As far as technology, it's an awesome tablet for the price, it's one of the nicest size tablets you can get your hands on. It's perfect for a child or an elderly person, to enjoy anywhere. I would highly recommend this tablet.
The screen is absolutely amazing on the eyes. I can read for long stretches of time without any eye strain and the battery lasts forever.
If you just want to watch movies or shop, it does the job. Not enough memory to do much else. But for the price its great for kids.
This is very handy with unlimited uses :ie weather temp and weather forecast. It is nice to have any light turned on from any spot to light the way. No looking for the switch.
I was going to get a Samsung tablet but for doing everything this is better
Alexa is a great help in finding answers to questions. She also plays music that I want. You always keep leaning how she can help you.
Does the job when I travel and I would recommend to a friend
I use this tablet for my daughter and I could only download YouTube Kids. Wished I would have purchased the one with more storage.
Second one, bigger, better, easy as pie to set up.
I've had my echo since the initial launch date and I love it more and more. Alexa does everything and she learns more and more every month. She controls my home (lights, thermostat and garage door) and with IFTTT she can do things like call my phone or email my shopping list (you can create your own triggers) Her possibilities are endless. She's also a very handy alarm... she wakes me up and when I saw goodbye she turns off the lights and turns down the thermos.
Great device fast and big enough to see and easy to use !!!!
This is just perfect for my 7 year old nothing fancy, parental control is a bit confusing but i got it now, the case is perfect to keep it.safe just get a sd card for extra memory
Fire box is great. Easy start up and also to navigate thru for beginers in the streaming tv world.
Pros:InexpensiveExpandable storageGood for Amazon Prime members and Amazon shoppersCons:Slow/sluggish performanceLack of apps (no YouTube, Instagram etc)Some available apps crash or can not be installedTouch screen freezesScreen resolution is not sharp or bright, greenish hueToo many links/ads to buy thingsSound quality is not goodWiFi onlyConclusion:For the price the Amazon Fire 7 Tablet is good for those who want an eReader that can also access email, Facebook and Amazon Prime but the lack of apps, cheap construction and buggy performance keep it from being a good, full-featured tablet.
I have been enjoying the amazon tap for two weeks, and am still finding new things it will do
I use it for games and movies...its great..good picture quality....great sound...could use more storage space..but i guess thats why they make sd cards...
My granddaughter like's her tablet, she has learning a lot.the case is durable and I was glad that the case came in pink.
Not only is it fun to use, but it has a good sound quality for playing background music. I use Alexa daily for anything from local weather forecast and news headlines to reminders for my daily schedule. I'm excited to add some WiFi lighting controls soon. It's cool, it's fun, and it's convenient.
I really enjoy this product. It's great with streaming pretty much everything.
Decent camera, clarity on the screen, fast downloads.
I purchased Chromecasts the year they came out and while they served their purpose for two years they are just not very upgradable. I recently bought the Fire Stick and Fire TV Box made by Amazon. I am also a Netflix and Amazon Prime member. Both of these devices are FAR Superior to the options provided by the older Chromecasts AND even the new 4K models. Easy to use and upgradable with many apps and games, and if you have Amazon Prime it is a no-brainer purchase.
I'm glad I purchased this item. I bought for my niece and she loves it
Good tablet for the price. I would recommend this tablet
Many daily features that can be used to make your life a little easier - plays your choice of music on command, creates to-do lists for you, can make adjustments to the warmth or coolness in your home.
Light weight and easy to use. Very user-friendly. Durable.
Very user friendly. Easy set up, and works great with my amazon prime account.
Love the screen great price and keeps my son entertained. He enjoys his short videos and pictures
Black Friday buy for the family. Good entertainment for the kiddos
I love my echo and have gotten 4 more for family best thing ever
got it as a reader and browser. portability and price cannot be beat!
Amazon makes great tablets and this is at a great price
Great product love that you can sideload kodi app.
I love the new Kindle fire 10" HD. I love the large screen to watch movies on.
Very easy to install and use. Great for testing whole family. The remote is easy to use and very easy to memorize
My family love how easy it is to ask "Alexa" to play music and some information. My 5year old daughter love to play songs on it all day! Fun product!!
I bought for my father and it’s perfect for him. He loves being able to set reminders and play music he wants.
Great tablet for under $100. HD quality and it works just as good as any tablet.
Love the kindle and the price was excellent. I would recommend it.
had the larger paper white replaced with this model. LOVE IT!
The kindle is lightweight, no glare and worth reading a good book on. They have a good product.
If you are a major Amazon consumer, the Echo should be your first choice spot on. The range across a noisy apartment is great and using it with my Prime account features are awesome. There are quite a bit of "skills" you can add to increase the function (for example your alexa can ring your phone if you need to search for it, or use it in an emergency to contact a loved one), works great with Hue and Wemo and I actually use it regularly for shopping lists, weather and other entertainment/news updates. Adore my Echo
Great for cord cutting. Just needs a little cleaning up to do. Sorting through the content can be a little confusing.
Just as advertised. Bought for my mom who has poor eyesight. She loves it. Thank you.
I am an Amazon fanboy. I'll say it right up front. This device, although nice, currently has limited functions, especially considering the $200 price tag. So until more useful functions (linking to Google Now for instance) are added, I can only give my Echo as much as it pains me to do so, an average rating. Nice to have if you have extra cash sitting around and you don't mind waiting so see if useful functions will be added, but without Android syncing and functions,or the ability to control for example,TV channels, it's far from Amazon's usual "gotta have it right now!" category.
Love the paperwhite. Option of backlighting is great when reading in the dark but still able to see when outside in the sun. I do wish it had adaptive backlighting (I prefer to have backpighting off to save battery during daylight reading). Overall a great reading device.
My 3 year old is learning so much playing the games on this tablet, and I love that it is so durable and can take a beating. Would recommend. Many games to match many age groups. Plus YouTube access.
I was looking for a box that could consolidate my many streaming services into one fast, easy to use, place. This is it. Great streaming, easy menu..... I love it.
This is a great, easy to use tablet for the price.
Doesn't understand some commands or Questions,but good overall
Cheap item but works well. Gift for my dad amd he loves it.
It has a multiple futures for kids and parental control that you can setup for your kids. Even you can control usage of tablet for your kids
We bought these for our grandchildren they were a hit.
Nice tablet, great price for the product makes a good gift for someone.
Works for what my mom wanted it for. Some of the questions we ask Alexa she doesn't know, but I guess they will work on getting updated information.
Great product at a great price from Best Buy. Have to press a button rather than just saying her name, but that's the price you pay for it being cordless.
Kindle paperwhite is wonderful. I am able to read in the sun.
Bought this for my grandson and am very pleased with the quality. The case protects it well.
Purchased for step father who wasn't into technology (still has a flip phone). He was able to get the tablet up and running and was surfing online with no problems. Great tablet for beginners.
This is my 3rd Kindle by far the best one . Love it
This is an amazing compact way to enjoy music, games and trivia. I am thinking about getting the add on speakers. Highly recommend!
Nice sound quality and connects to my iPhone. I listen to Pandora and books and it's great
I love that the directions are loaded on the Kindle, easy to bookmark information and are clear.
Like that I can choose to get books from Kindle or I can borrow books from my local library.
Absolutely love the Echo! So helpful and fun at the same time. Love the voice activation!
I loved the Amazon Fire stick but I enjoy the speed and 4k support of this product over the Fire Stick. I have owned and tested AppleTv (1st Gen), Boxee, Roku 4k, Chromecast, Nexus player, and by far the Amazon Fire Tv and stick offer the most and best content; much of which can be used for free. Great layout, easy to use and full of features.
This thing is awesome! I am not much of reader myself but wanted to get into reading to improve my reading speeds and enjoy a good book every now and then. This seemed to worked perfectly for me. I can say I know enjoy reading very much, even after years and years of never picking up a book.I have always wanted a kindle ever since I saw the wonderful paper-like screen it had, and this one in particular has a built in adjustable light, which is a great feature for reading in dark places.With kindle unlimited it makes it even easier and really inexpensive to read books without the commitment to have to buy the book, not to mention all the free samples.I have yet to even scratch the surface on the newspapers, magazines and other fairly inexpensive subscription based services offered by kindle store. Can't wait!
Easy to set up. Anyone can use this. Doesn't take a technology wiz to set up and have fun with it. Love the music library.
great for kids ,my son loves it and good price for product
Very easy to set up - even for 70 year old. Works like a charm. Alexa starts music and checks weather for us daily. Great addition to the home.
This tablet has been a great learning tool for my child.
I am late into the electronic age and this is simple enough and is great to use. I ask for certain music and it is played!!
Work great
I would recommend it to others,just wish it came with the battery so you didn't have plug it in.
simple to istall, very easy to use , blends well with the decor
Like the small size and convenience. Recharges quickly and is available when my Lenovo tab needs to be charged.
Bought this as a gift for a child. They love it for playing games and watching videos.
I was streaming with my Sony Blu-Ray, and only bought this to access HBO Now, but it's turned out to have much more than just that to offer. It's really a fantastic piece of equipment. The Sony has a great number of streaming apps, but the Fire TV has much more, and lots of things I really missed, such as PBS and PBS Kids, as well as access to Amazon's music streaming. I'm very happy that I bought this.
Awesome to listen music! Sound is pretty good! Wish to have more features loaded in future
Purchased Amazon Fire 7 from Best Buy because it was on sale and I had rewards points from a previous purchase. The Kindle works great, replace another one that would no longer hold a charge for any length of time.
So easy to set up and use. Very handy to have in our home. We use way more often than we thought we would.
Very happy with the product. Very simple to set up. Easy on eyes. Great option when you are on the road.
Amazon Fire TV is amazing, lots of free channels and old and new movies you can even watch Netflix for free. We will be ditching satellite dish and saving $160 per month. In addition we will be adding Amazon Fire sticks to other TV's through out our home. Product is very easy to use.
Fire Box works great. Much better than Firestick because it can be hard wired directly to modem and also had more memory than stick.
this unit is so much better then the first gen faster and 5 stars
The item I bought was so great! Best Buy's products are the best!
We recently bought all our grandkids a tablet to have of their own.. great tablet to play games on and educational things as well.
There's not much to say, it's really a simple device, and that's why I got it. It's for reading on a screen that won't bother my eyes after a long period of time.There are ads, but they are all specifically for the device, and aren't intrusive. Your books are listed above the ads.
I purchased this item on the recommendation of many existing owners. However, when I got home and attempted to set up the device, it was frustrating and the instructions/FAQs were not very helpful. The echo could not find my NEST thermostat, nor could it find about half of my HUE lights. Once I argued and fought with Alexa for about 45 minutes, she finally started to pick up my lights and after COMLETELY re-configuring my thermostat, she could see it, but she would not work with it. Once she found all of my lights, she would turn them on or off, but would not change colors or brightness levels. I run a software company and have worked in and with computers my whole life. This should not have been this quirky. I would not recommend this item. Get a Google Home.
Except for having to put up with ads on the screen saver, this pad is great. Easy to use, easy to add apps to as well as easy to use as a e-reader.
good
Love this tablet. Great for reading which is why I bought one.
Works fine for me.
Easy to set up and durable design. Free time is a great feature, taking parental control to the next level. The screen resolution and camera are amazing.
Very happy with my purchase. Streams everything I need it too with no hesitation.
This thing is great very quick streaming and no issues so far, love the voice controller on finding shows or movies.
love it... the amazon fire tv is perfect for our trailer while traveling....
Great stocking stuffer for the price and realibility.
I just loved the tab and it is super cool for kids
This tablet was a Christmas gift for my dad. It has great resolution and is easy to use. With Amazon prime you get free movies, books, and games. I would highly recommend.
this was the 2nd fire i bought for my daughter after the 1st i purchased at christmas stopped working after only a couple of months, the screen froze up and would not ever reset and couldnt be saved, she does use it everyday so i guess we got our moneys worth of use out of it for the 50 dollar price tag
It a great tablet for children. But it doesnt work with google apps.
Very Rice Product and My Wife loves it. It is a great git for book lovers.
Before the 8 inch kindle we the old 7 inch one, which both tablets are great but this one so much nicer. The screen is bigger, more storage amd Love the color on the back. Great Tablet
Got this on sale for 35 bucks I think. My I phone is faster and works better on most things but couldn't beat the price. Serve its purpose for occasional use and games.
My best purchase to date. This product is awesome.
Grandkids love Alexa. Great for so many things! Everybody should have one!
If you are considering picking up an Echo I would also consider picking some Hue Lightbulbs so you can control your light with your voice. I would also suggest using IFTTT to get the most out of your echo, especially if you have other smart devices currently being used in your home. Couldn't be happier with my Echo :)
Didn't realize having Amazon prime still wouldn't play all songs, actually doesn't play a lot of the ones I requested.
Only $40 you can't beat it. Touch screen is a little janky but nothing a stylus cannot cure can also add media via microdisk and outfit with kodi and its a wrap
Fun to play with >iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
What I really like is that you can set up different profiles( boy,girl and myself ) and still you can use any device to play to favorite profile.I bought 2 and kids are very happy.
Having realistic expectations is a must with the Echo. I had thought the AI would be much better than it is. Sometimes you need to say something three times for Alexa to find it. For example if you ask her to play a specific song by a specific artist the first two times she will say there is no song by that particular artist but on the third attempt she finds it. This is with voice training complete mind you. I purchased three echos to use as a starter system to play music on each floor of my house. They did not support whole house play at first but due to high demand they now have a group setting so you can play music simultaneously on all your echos. Be warned though if you ask Alexa to play your group (multiple echos) you cannot play all your devises at once using Spotify for example. Verbally asking Alexa to play the entire group only allows play from amazon music. The Alexa app needs some work but is fairly easy to navigate. I feel Im pretty tech savvy so for those who arent just take some time to browse through the app on your phone. You need to enable skills in order to get responses to certain questions which to me is a big draw back. I think most have the intention of buying the Echo, setting it up, and asking it anything and getting a response without all the extra setup. Remembering specific phrases to get an exact response can be a bit of a hassle. I gave it four stars because it works for playing most music through my whole house without breaking the bank. I think there is still a lot of improvements that could be made and it seems Amazons priority isnt necessarily the Echo. From reviews Ive read the request to play music on multiple devices was something people were asking for since the products release. I was able to pick them up when they were in sale but to be honest if I would have paid full price I would have returned all three and saved my money. Wait until they go on sale and then you can justify some of the shortfalls of the product.
Great product! Easy to use! New update to the UI is really nice too!
Great little tablet. Price was great! Can do almost anything on it just like an ipad but cheaper!
It's definitely not a top of the line tablet but great for the price the kids love it
I picked up a regular kindle touch a few months ago thinking I'd be fine with it. Lately my schedule is only allowing me to read in the evenings when its already darker out, and I don't like having to keep all the lights on to read. Decided to pull the trigger on one of these Paperwhites, and yep, wish I'd gone this route to begin with. The increased pixel count plus the built in light makes this thing a joy over the regular Kindle. Makes it a lot easier on my eyes and for that alone I recommend it!
I've wanted a kindle for a while and decided to get it when BB put it on sale. I am not disappointed.
Does a great job charging my kindles, or anything else you charge with a USB cable.
Probably a little too much but the device has excellent parental controls. They have used it for about a week so far with no issues.
great size,sound and battery. just buy it already.
I love the Amazon Fire TV. I chose it over the the Fire Stick because I have 4K TVs.The picture is crystal clear. You need a strong Internet signal in order to Strem Effectively without all the buffering.This is a great option if you are tired of cable or just don't enjoy paying the high prices. You can access your favorite streaming Apps. (Hulu, Netflix, etc.)
Easy to set up and easy to use. Need Amazon Prime account.
The product was overall worth the money spent. Love it !!!
It is one of the best 7" tablet in the market, for the price
Bought for my wife and she loves it. Screen size is a huge plus. Easy to use I.
I love my new fire tv. Don't have to wait for movies to refresh.. awesome!!
Hi Alexa who is the best team in the NFL? Alexa's response, that is the Green Bay Packers!!
My girls loved the tablets and the cases even though both of them have Iphones. I haven't seen them that excited about a Christmas gift since they were children awaiting Santa Claus! My oldest daughter found it perfect for her flight to France!!!
Alexa is so much fun. No more searching for my favorite song. None stop entertaining. Great for a party.
BROUGHT FOR MY COWORKERS DAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS AND SHE LOVES IT. HE SAID ITS HER BEST GIFT.
It's like having a radio (change the music you like) by telling it. Also,throw away your alarm clock,it does that too. Alexa,it's name, what's the weather forecast.. it does so many things. Like jeopardy, play it on the amazon.
Bought this to upgrade my Echo Dot. Definitely happy with my purchase due to the louder and clearer sound that comes from it. Much better for listening to music than the Dot.
Did what its suppose to do my kid loves it. Amazon keep up the great work
We have the tap and the echo. I wouldn't buy another tap. It's the voice activation that is so good. But if you don't mind having to push the button for every command then the tap is ok. But for me... only echo.
I love my Kindle Paper White and the versatility of it. I can read it inside, at night in bed, or outside sitting in my swing with the sun shining brightly. It is very light and easy to hold. I also like the size of it and how it fits in my purse so I can take it with me wherever I go!
is no word happy happy it hard to get up cause there no commercial so l have to fix something to eat before watching a move or do what l need to do frist so many movies it hard to pick what to watch
Love best buy and I shop at Best Buy I always buy my TV for me and my kids I buy my kids tablets at Best Buy Love Best Buy
Cool little tablet. Does what you would expect a tablet would do. Screen quality isn't the greatest, but you get what you pay for.
The setup and use of the Echo were quick and easy. My wife and son are having a lot of fun using it!
My 4 Year old grandson likes to play games and watch movies. This was the best ever purchase I've done.
I love the Amazon White for its size and lighted screen.
Got this for my grandson. He loves it. Get price. Bought the large one for the living room.
This is a great tablet for ages 5 and up. My son can watch videos play games. Its perfect for him.
Excellent tablet I have used , I will recommend to my friends.
I love the Fire TV it's so awesome has so many things on it
The Kindle Paperwhite is great for reading books on the go. The battery lasts me for weeks between charges based on my light reading habits. It is very easy to just close the cover when I get to a pausing point, and knowing it will open immediately to the same page when I resume reading. The back light makes it easy to read anywhere, from full sunlight to dark rooms. I'm resuming my voracious reading habit now that the Paperwhite has made it so easy.
This is perfect for my 4 year old. It needs an Sd card because the memory is low but it keeps him happy.
I was looking for a blutooth speaker to use with my phone but I didn't want to worry about things being ordered on my amazon account or the whole dreaded electronic eavsdropping that has been in the news the last few months. This speaker fits the bill as you can disable order by Alexa, and you have to manually push the listen button for the mic to pick up sound. The speaker quality is great for a portable option. The only thing that I don't like is the charging stand can lose connection if its not sitting just right, but I can't knock a star for this as they allow you to plug the cable directly into the unit itself which solves the problem.
If you have decided to buy a digital assistant this is the one to choose. Google home is good but not nearly as refined as Alexa. I have used both extensively and the Echo is the hands down winner.
Loud enough for small gatherings & very responsive to commands.
Amazon Fire tv from Best Buy was my second Fire tv purchase in a week. After trying the tv service, I ordered a 2nd one on line from Best Buy & picked it up in store within an hour. The price matched the 1st one but the HDMI cable was extra. When I am used to using Fire tv, I will turn the cable service off. Amazon's Alexa assistant is phenomenal & for me, is better than Apple's Siri. This was probably the best online purchase & pick up in store experience I have had.
My son loves this product. He plays video games and watch movies on his tablet. We also use it for learning. There are several learning apps you can download on this product.
The voyager is light weight and easy to hold. Love the ability to have 3G and Wi Fi. Easily was able to transfer books from my old kindle keyboard. Holds a charge for up to 2 weeks and charges quickly. Great when traveling
Bought this fire for my son . There are apps dedicated for every mile stone in his life it's durable he drop it about 20 times and even in the water. I will buy again
I purchased this item, along with an HD antenna to finally cut the cable. Prices were getting out of control with the cable monopoly. This product really delivers. All the entertainment you could possibly want at your fingertips. I use it to stream PlayStation Vue. After experimenting with all devices. I feel this is by far the best. As smooth as a PS4, but easier to navigate with the remote. I also use it to stream Netflix as well as some of the free content. Overall an easy to use great product
This is very easy to read and use. The light weight is perfect.
My grandson loves his tablet. He recently lost his (we are not sure where) and was so happy to see the new one
My grandkids plays with this tablet all the time.lots of videos and games
I bought this for my 3 year old, so she would have another option for watching her shows besides my iPad. Needless to say, she was too frustrated with the slowness to load the Netflix app, and it would only get internet if you were in the same room as the modem. You really do get what you pay for. If you buy this, don't count on getting online very seamlessly. The Internet browser is really slow to use, but you can get around this by downloading Google Play store to access the Firefox app, which is not offered on the Amazon App Store. Check YouTube for instructions..
Upgraded from my old Kindle keyboard. I love the ability to adjust brightness and font. I have small hands and this is not too big to hold in one hand. I was able to change the page turning buttons for left handed use. The charging cover last a long time. I wish there were more colors to choose from.
This thing does so many things it's incredible. Time saver, information finder , and even a family entertainer!
Good tablet for the price. Good for reading books, and most apps.
Upgrade to my kindle fire 7, pleased with all the new features including Alexa
Great product and service will refer to a friend. And the sales man r good
Lets me choose the type of music I love. Can even go to the beach with me using my sling.
Love that it integrates with products like Spotify and smart things. We use it on a daily basis.
Picked this up on the black Friday ad. $13 and it's one of the best readers I have in the house. I've got nook, iPad and Android devices which don't operate as good as this reader. But it only serves that purpose in my house.
Works great. Love the size and light weight. Love it!
I lil tho version of kindle because theres no glare on it when ur outside n I wrk outside as a crossing guard n between shifts I read n I also read before I go to sleep n i can turn the light lower so it does not wake my husband.
It has so much functionality and is so easy to use. The speakers are great so.
The echo is an awesome addition to our home we listen to music often and love that it can control our satellite
Very fast tablet. Large screen but can held by 1 hand. Great for movies and videos, as well as candy crush and other resource hogging apps. It starts CC way faster than my LG G3 phone. The display is very clear and crisp. The amazon android modified OS is good once you get used to it. I have one screen containing all apps, and you can put these in groups too. so 1 screen is all you will need. then you have the other panels for Amazon mandated stuff like Prime movies, music, pictures. It's pretty cool compared to my previous Acer 8" tablet with reg Android. Could not easily install Chrome, but I'm getting use to the SILK browser and it will work very well for my needs. Great Tablet and highly recommended.
He loves being on it and all the freebies that came with it.
Got the Amazon Echo on Sale and extremely happy with it so far! It was very easy to set up and get waking up asking it what the weather is, getting the latest news stories, or asking Alexa to play my favorite music! Highly recommend!
It does its job
So far my Fire is working well. I did have difficulty setting it up initially and had to ask a Best Buy tech to help me out. Connecting with my wireless was the most difficult step. The print is easy to read and can be enlarged. It is nice to be able to access e-mail. I find that it is easier to use if placed in a book-style protective case. That makes it easier to hold while reading. Anyone should enjoy using the Fire!
More memory and better processor than the fire stick! This is the way to go!
I purchased a blue and orange one for each of my twin boys. Their bday is on Aug 22. I have not yet gave them the kindle. But I downloading quite a few games before giving it to them. The graphics are amazing. If all goes well i'm thinking about buying the purple one for myself.
It is very handy great when i don't want to use a computer and i can take it anywhere
I traded this in after receiving a 7" at Christmas and I am happy I did. I love the size of the screen for reading my books (which I have too many of) and a great size for watching movies. I do wish I had the capability to use internet when I am away from home, yet other than that, this is a great buy.
Purchased over two months ago. Works as advertised, and is very handy to have when you need information.
Thumbs up. This was a good substitute to replace the current cable provider you use. Canadian customers would like this the best.
Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tablet is wonderful for young kids. There's ways to switch it to kid friendly
My family loves it. How we can just ask a question and it responds and does certain things for us
I love so far. processes at decent speed I've been able to do what I need without problems. I only wish all the apps on screen didn't have to be visible. Can't enjoiy a screen saver if its covered with icons
Great! Product echo streams my music and tells me the weather love it!
The best reader out there - however don't expect to use this tablet for its web browser function - looks strange seeing "paper" versions of websites as the paper white feature cannot be turned off.
I have enjoyed these little tablets and now they come with the micro sad card port making it better
Bought this to replace my older Kindle Fire 6, got a 64GB MicroSD card for it and no problem. Only issues I'm having is in apps but its due to the app. The colour and sound on this kindle is just great and I love the bigger screen and the fact I can add extra memory to it in order to allow more to remain on it for a longer time.
Great for kids. I love that i can monitor my kids.
Alexa is a practical tool for weather, spelling help, calendar reminders, etc. It is also a lot of fun for finding information and playing music!
I bought this tablet for my dad for Christmas and he loved it! I had to show him how to use it (of course), but now he has the hang of it!! Great buy!
My granddaughter really loves it. She was so anxious to start using it.
Bought this for my three year old when I bought a new car with no tv in it. She loves that I can download shows and movies and then watch others on wifi.
I need the Geek Squad to help me with the Amazon Prime I purchased it for 2 granddaughters but I don't want them to have access to my books.
worth the price and pretty useful around the house
This is my first streaming TV device and I am new to the technology. It was very easy to set up and configure, taking only a few minutes. It worked like a charm! I then downloaded Kodi onto the device, following a youtube instructional video. While Kodi takes a little more patience and time, once installed, it is an awesome supplement to the Fire TV. Between the built-in service offerings and the vast amount of free streaming services offered via Kodi, this device is a 100% winner!!! No more cable and satellite TV subscriptions for this person!!
Alexa is handy but doesn't always work. We have two lights outside and sometimes both with turn on or off when commanded and sometimes only one will turn on or off.
This will be our second FireTV and we love these!!
Great gift for kids. Play a long time with battery life.
This e-reader is amazing. It is so light and easy to read with one hand. The screen is great and the battery lasts for weeks.
great reader for bed or the beach. definitely a must pack on vacation.
Best that is out there at this time.would like if you were able to connect to Bose speaker with Bluetooth.
It is so easy and very fast. I never thought this was fast until I got it. It is everything I need/
I baught thus tablet as an E-reader, for that purpose, it works great. It is also very good for watching streaming video.
Got this tablet for Black Friday. Wow, 16 gigs, great screen, expandable memory, what a deal. Tablet is a must have for Amazon Prime members. It unlocks the door for all those great Prime perks; books, shows, and shopping. Pairs to Alexa. Great screen for books! Buy it already!
This is not the first time, I bought these tablet several times, because they work excellent, I sent one for my best friend and she love it, I like everything from this product.
This product has a better processor with 2gb of ram, plus the ports RJ 45, SD Card, and USB, the difference is big for the difference of the price. It's logically faster than the firestick
This was purchased for a infant who loves to watch Disney cartoons on YouTube, it works for what it's used for.
Alexa- STEP UP YOUR GAME. Google home is coming for you. He coming!
I got the echo on Black Friday 2016 and couldn't be happier. She doesn't understand some things but she's useful with what she does know. I use mine via Bluetooth on my iPhone and have her take the controls. I like listening to podcasts on my echo as well. And when I wake up, she's ready to tell me the weather and any news updates. Would recommend to anyone looking into a smart device like the echo!
the concept is great! We have had some issues with certain streams being unplayable and it is sometimes difficult to find what you are looking for. There needs to be an easier way to maneuver and find the things you want to watch.
I found the tablet easy to useIt has a longer battery life than most and the memory can be increased with an SD card You can use the Google app if you don't like using Amazon
Great tablet for kids but the screen isn't as strong. Charging port is very poorly built
love the Kindle paperwhite. It is so light weight but best of all I can read outside. The light also allows reading at night and does not bother my spouse.Only problem I do not like the case I purchased online and no covers at best buy or target
Initially we purchased the Kids Kindle Fire for our 3 year old. The parental controls and time limitations are super easy to set up. We have a Samsung Galaxy tablet that our 9 year old son uses, but we ended up getting a second Fire for him because it seemed very kid-friendly and I didn't have to worry about any inappropriate content popping up. Lots of good educational apps and games.
it is cheaper when compared with other kindle models. But not as good as they are. But anyway, still a good choice if you do not have much budget.
I loved the amazon echo. Been wanting one since it came out and broke down and got it. Great choice
It is easy to use and have a huge selection of books, I recomend it
This is the 4th tablet I have bought for my 10-year-old son over the past few years. He is just rough with the. I made sure to purchase the rubber cover and I am set. There is plenty of space on the tablet for him to keep the fun apps that he likes. He is managing well with it. Glad I purchased it.
I love that you can read books as well as play games with this tablet. I bought 2 of them for my little boy and girl. We just charge them up and let them play with them in the car on road trips. They are quite!!! The only thing is, I wish they would have a section of games that can be played without wifi. Some of the apps need wifi to run and some do not. Overall though, I love this tablet!
Very good for the price. A lot of good, free games.
I bought this to replace a dropped and broken one. For someone just wanting to read this is easy simple and nice.
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter, after I had bought an Amazon echo dot for myself, and I would recommend this to anyone who is considering to automate your house.
Lots of options and features. Can be used anywhere.
I bought this as a gift and they wwere very pleased
Love having the Amazon Fire, are able to download apps, watch videos from Amazon Prime, and it includes profiles so kids can have access to it as well. Highly recommend!
This little tablet is excellent for what it is. I have a Prime account, so there are many features available on this advice with that membership.We mostly use this to stream music in our lounge, and it works well for that purpose.
I listen to my favorite music and podcasts with surprisingly good sound.
I purchased two of these for a 3 and 12 year olds. They don't have much internal memory, but SD cards are cheap. The screen resolution is pretty good for the price.
Had a nook before I love my new Kindle . It's so much easier to use
Just the right size for her smaller hands and she likes being just like momma.
Love the tablet! Got it for my niece and nephew! Great for beginners!!
Nice it all ready has Amazon and apps built in. Great buy.
The amazon fire tv is amazing. Small portable yet powerful and good quality. It is also structured well so things are easy to find.
Bought it as a birthday present for my son and he loves it. Easy to use and works fast.
Love the new Voyage bc it is lighter and smaller. Easier to tuck in my purse. The other plus is the auto light feature.
For the price is great for kids. I like that memory expansion can go up to 128gb
works out of the box, no problems with setup. connects to all the popular streaming apps like hulu amazon prime netflix
I love talking to Alexa on Amazon Echo!The set up was fast and easy to do. Just plug it in and follow the easy instructions that Alexa gives you. I loved it so much, I bought one for my brother!!
Bought as a gift for my mother. Instead of her feeling locked at the computer she can now access the web from anywhere in the house.
Images quality better than l had imagine. Good for games and easy to download games on Amazon . My son love it.
I would def buy this product, works like a charm. Don't buy anything other than a fire tv
Great and clear looking screen, with a 3d effect. Easy set up. Loving it!!
I liked the tablet I bought its amazing works just fine thank u best buy
I already own one and love it. Decided to give one as a gift. Makes it easy to purchase future add on gifts, e.g. Dot, WEMO.
Was a christmas gift for my daughter she loves it.
It's great for streaming my shows and playing my games like candy crush
The Amazon Echo is a great friend in the room who will play whatever music you ask for. It's great to just ask Alexa and the echo responds accurately.
There is no difference in reading from a book and a Kindle.
Bought it for my students to use. It is not a great resolution but it's great for reading books.
This was the perfect product for my family as it provides tons of streaming resources!
For the price it has great sound and very good responses to tough questions.
This is another standard Kindle color screen product that replaced our original Kindle 7". This one is much faster and has more access to apps, although they are all through the kindle store, not android app store. I couldn't for example use my Mcafee anti-virus. I had to use the one that Amazon approved. Over all, a very good upgrade.
My wife loves her Kindke and at this price it was a no brainer. It's fast with a ton of expandable memory storage.
A simple device with low memory and cheap feel. I think if you are going to do a table, go with a Samsung or so.
Echo performs well when she understands the question asked. I find myself often repeating questions because Alexa doesn't get it right.
Got this when it was on sale which is what really made it worth getting.
I love the product! It makes it very convenient for people like me who multi task, and it links to your phones and smart home devices
Met needs to replace cracked charger connection. Worked fine
It is nice to get information I normally don't here and to get the type of music I listen to played when I ask...
the fire hd is great for reading kindle books . Its pretty slow for surfing the web. If your looking for a great kindle this is it. I would not recommend this for surfing the web.
Wish we could get some free stuff with it. Might have to get amazon prime to get more stuff
I wanted to like this a lot because my Ipad Mini is "heavy" to carry in my purse all the time. This is so very light. BUT they make you jump through hoops to get rid of all the advertising on the device AND when you buy it at Best Buy you are not given a choice to "spend an extra 20 on a 119 dollar "book" or put up with their ads". I had to go through being on hold FOREVER to get someone to help get this off my device so that was an IMMEDIATE turn-off. I don't find it to page-turn handle as well as my OLD ORIGINAL NOOK OR NOOK COLOR and certainly not anything like the Ipad Mini. If I hadnt kept it too long to return I would have. It doesn't auto correct to landscape then portrate, nope you have to MANUALLY CHOOSE ONE OR THE OTHER AND GOING BACK AND FORTH IS just stupid...it should have been part of the IMPROVED design, THEY REALLY MISSED THE MARK FOR THE PRICE. i CAN GET A FULL TABLET FOR LESS MONEY THAT DOES ALL THAT AND SIMPLY USE THE KINDLE APPPROSLight weightSmall for purseback lightCONS1-comes preloaded with ads2-not easy to get them off if you buy device in a store3-page control is not that simple4-t doesn't auto turn from landscape to portrate you have to set it to one OR the other5-not as touch responsive to anything6-don't like the organization of it
I'm a father of two. Both of my kids (6) & (10) got iPads last year for Christmas and love them, but I felt the iPad was lacking a little of what they really need. Purchased two of these and couldn't be more happier. Perfect kids tablet. Don't make the mistake I did and go with the IPad. This product nails it in every aspect the iPad wasn't in terms of a "kids" tablet
Great buy with lots to do on this product highly recommend
Purchased as part of a bundle with a Logitech remote. Not sure I would buy it alone. The discount was too good to pass up. I guess it's cool. Not sure how much I can do with it other than playing music and waking me up in the morning. We'll see.
this equipment will help us with our viewing of movies that we want.
This is an excellent option. And it has Alexa built in.
mainly use it for watching Netflix. Love it. It streams great. I also use it for emails.
Overall good product, bought two for my parents and they loved it!
Good inexpensive device. Still in touch with modern technology.
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
For me, the Amazon Fire TV is an amazing way to hook up with my favorite Netflix and Amazon Prime shows or explore other streaming sources. So easy to use. No more "hunt and peck" input for searching for the show I want to watch. I simply push a button, say the name of my fav show and it comes up on the screen. I love it so much, I bought one for both of my TV's!
Great tablet for my grandkids ranging from 6 years old to 10
Love it... quality is great. Love your interactive it is..
Responds very well and understands you, and this one has great sound as well, unlike the dot.
This makes core cutting so easy. So many apps and shows it's almost limitless. Coupled with all the amazon prime content you can go wrong. Easy setup and easy to use
Bought for grand daughter for Xmas since most 5 year olds now a lot about tablets and had no problem with this very easy to use.
I mean... it work fine, but 20 fine There's nothing special here and it's a joke that Amazon doesn't just ship a charging plug with the Kindle in the first place. You should be able to find plenty of non-OEM chargers that'll work in terms of watts and voltage for far less money, like 5.
This tablet is great for kids. I bought it for my Grandson and he is delighted with it. He uses it constantly.
This isn't a high end tablet. Don't buy it if your goal is to play the latest high octane tablet games. But for general use, for most people - web surfing, light games like Angry Birds and those match the fruit games, casting movies to a television - it's an amazing value. The Amazon geared operating system isn't a problem. It took a few minutes to get the Google world onto the tablet. - Google Play, Google Store, Google this and that. The 7" version is an even better deal, but my mom needed this slightly larger screen. She loves it!
I am enjoying taking the Kindle with me when I am traveling and also just resting in bed before falling asleep.
Great addition to my Home entertainment system. Would recommend.
I did a lot of research before jumping in and buying the Fire TV. I am glad I took the plunge. I haven't had any issues at all since day one. The speed is great, with no lag, and the recent update just kicked things up a notch. I love it!
This is exactly the product we were looking for. Would recommend this anyone
Got this to replace a Roku. Similar content but more features and a seems bit faster. Only knock is minor: could be a bit more customizable. But overall an excellent, sleek interface.
This Kindle Fire tablet was a Christmas gift. The recipient is over joyed thus far.
Easy to use size is great display is great in all lighting conditions
A very smart device that keeps you entertained and helps you learn new things.
Just cut the cord and switched to ps Vue along w Netflix and Hulu. Cable bill went from $209 to $91 and I get more now than I did when I had cable. The Amazon Fire tv box is what makes it all possible. Once you break the chains and start streaming you'll never go back and you won't miss a thing. One of the best investments you'll ever make.
I bought it for a kid. I asked her about and she said she like it! In add, it is not expensive.
Works great also love how it it capable of more storage and child proof
This box works great. It sure would be nice if it had the Google play store on it.
yeeeeaaaahhhhh kids love this and so do i...thanks again
Very satisfied with tablet and use to check E-Mail everyday
I have fire stick for few years and using it everyday. My smart TV is less smarter than it. I don't use the smart function of the TV. I purchased fire tv month ago and I can't live without it. An excellent product from Amazon. Highly recommended.
Works great.Terrific tablet for price.Would definitely recommend this tablet.
I like it I can add my shopping list the to do list and other things so far good no problems on my end
Alexa is awesome. She controls the lights in the house, keeps me up to date, and dressed for the weather. I enjoying discovering what else I can do with her. Ask her who is the fairest of them all!
The Amazon Fire tablet is definitely not the best tablet out there, but it's definitely the best at this price point. It has all of the features I was looking for without the fluff. It may be limiting if you don't have an Amazon account, but it's not a deal breaker. I think this is a great tablet for those who aren't looking for all of the bells and whistles.
Fathers day present. Really enjoy Alexa. Works great and comes in handy by the kitchen.
This Kindle is better than any I have had before. Love the multi-brightness dimming ability. I have zero complaints with this item.
I've been rockin' one iPad or another since Apple launched them in 2010, and never saw the need for a dedicated reading device like the Kindle. That said, I picked one up on a whim during Black Friday and I finally understand what the fuss is about. The text customization options make it easy to design/find the perfect reading experience, and the fact that I can send Instapaper articles to my Kindle from all my other devices is awesome. The fact that the screen is lit from the edges (as opposed to a backlight) makes it noticeably less draining on the eyes.Only downside is the fact that Amazon makes you spend $20 to get rid of those pesky special offers (which force you to swipe the screen to dismiss them every time the device is turned on).
Bought for my wife. Great product. Easy to set up and use.
IS A VERY GOOD LEARNING TOOL TO LEARN A LOT OF THINGS
This device is slick looking. Connects to the network easily and if very fast. I does the job really well.
We love this so much in our home. We bought a super tough case and let our two and six year old use it. They love watching their movies on it and playing different apps. It is a really good value!
I got this tablet on a sale. I think it was $33. It is great for reading my books on or letting my kids play games.
The echo is a great item. It's like having a personal secretary!
Great value. Easy to use. Fun to use. Easy to set up.
Great speaker. Love how its portable. Good battery life. Would be 5 stars if it had the drop in capabilities like the rest of the echo family.
I got this for my mum and she wanted it to watch movies in bed or download a book. It works well for this, but a manual would have been a boon as she is older and not tech savvy. It's not always easy or convenient for an older person to use new tech without a struggle. This wasn't too bad in the end, and she is enjoying it.
I have not been able to get alexa to answer most questions and it is difficult to figure out how to delete your prior questions.... I think it is more of a novelty and good for playing music, but if you think you will be getting great info, your online web search is far better, this is very basic.
The Amazon Fire is really easy to navigate and use. I really like it!
Searched around for the perfect tablet for my 3 year old. After testing tablets in stores and reading reviews online the kids fire stood out. The 2 year warranty and free year access to kids content is amazing. The soft foam case provides coverage for drops, the battery life is good for a few hours of play time and the charge time is quick after. For the money this tablet cannot be beat , only minor issue ive noticed is having connection issue with networks at times but this is can be fixed by disconcerting and reconnecting to network. Overall this is a Best Buy for the money, tablet can also be used for adults when you exit the free time app.
It's only a few weeks old, but so far the TV is working great. Great picture. No issues to report.
They love kindle. Ease of downloading the books they love and the battery life is so long, they just love it. Kindle transformed the way people carry books (reading). This is a light weight kindle, excellent display and awesome battery power. I would highly recommend for kids/ family/ everyone who loves to read a lot.
I would highly recommend this kindle. It is user friendly and not to big. But large enough to see easily
Great product and like the features of it. It makes carrying a book obsolete.
We use it for songs alarm and ask anything. It constantly updates from cloud and so every week it's learning something new
I have 3 fire sticks and 2 fire tvs. I liked them so much I gave them as gifts to friends and family.
My daughter uses hers for college books. Best gift
I like how I can us my ECHO for everything it is one of the best thing I brought.
We are enjoying our TV with the surround system. The picture is great as you can see detail's in people and back ground we didn't notices before. We need to get a new dish receiver to move the TV to its new location were we will be wireless.
The accuracy it has understanding the words is really good and clear. small thing I didn't like is to make her higher to max volume, you need to repeat it like 7 to 10 times; also in max volume is you must be really close to it so it could listen to you. (planning on buying the remote control soon)
I love using my Kindle fire for reading books from Amazon.com
jUST FINE.
Its a decent reader for beginners. There is no backlight, so not good for reading in dark. also slips from hands, so purchase a cover if you buy it.
I love this tablet. It does a lot more then my previous one which cost almost 4 times the price.
This is a fantastic product for reading books. It is wonderful to use in full sunshine. I have a kindle fire so I thought this would be unnecessary now I am wishing I had purchased it sooner. The much longer battery life and use in full sunlight make it so much better to use for reading than the kindle fire.
Ordered 2 of these Amazon Fire tablets for my children (ages 3 & 8) to use primarily for viewing netflix, playing games, listening to music on. Very happy with these tablets, I also ordered the 'amazon freetime kid-proof case' for the tablets and they have made it through 3 months of use and abuse thus far. Highly recommend this tablet if you are looking for one for your child. Parental controls are very easy to use and provide a large number of options as far as limiting applications, time limits for use and curfew options. My children are very rough on these tablets and with the cases on them they have not caused any damage to them at all. Easy to set-up and install apps, decent battery life, decent battery charge time, great picture quality when watching netflix or other streaming media, wifi works very good, lightweight and easy to hold for extended periods of time, intuitive controls and user interface. Would highly recommend this tablet for beginners or children.
Still feeling my way, but if I have any more question will check with the geek squad.
This is a great device. I needed something small to read books on. This device is exactly what I was looking for.
Great gift and excellent product for anyone. Easy to use and user friendly.
I would say this tablet is a killer deal for the price. I bought it for my 2 year old who loves to watch Mickey Mouse and just random baby songs. Works perfect. Best thing about it is....... If they break it... it wont cost you much to replace it. I bought 2 of them just incase.
It's great - each of my kids received one last month for Christmas (ages 8, 12, 15). We gave it to them mostly for reading and they love them. Yes the younger two game on them and watch their shows as well, but most of the time I "catch" them reading. I thought the ads would bug them but they only appear when you initially turn on the device and that's it. No one's said a thing. Good screen quality too. We purchased a 32g SD card for each tablet for more storage.
I like this tablet, its thin, light and easy to use. It's great for kids and adults as well.
It's nice to be able to tell Alexa what you need from wherever in the house and the Echo takes care of it. Sports uodates, news, music, etc all with your voice. Very convenient.
Works great, reasonably-priced easy-to-use ,perfect for the Kindle . Quick charge, lightweight, compact and stores easily anywhere. Thanks for the info about unit when purchasing our new Kindle
You can watch almost anything on this thing and the quality is amazing!
Decent product given the low price point. Got it for gifting and the kid enjoys it.
Can't really speak for myself because I bought it as a gift. The recipient enjoys it. No complains
An amazing electronic tool, so portable, great storage, books, great convenience.
Bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas. She is special needs and so far she shows an interest in the movies and games included on this tablet. She is able to easily use it with minimum assistance.
If the fire stick is great, this is even better. Much faster too. I use Kodi on it an I love it.
Three star due to the fact that sometimes the fire tv remote doesn't work. I will then use my smart tv remote. Other than that issue, I would give five star.
I am still learning how to using it. I use it for Facebook, e-mails,play games on Facebook, eventually I want to be able to use the camera which I haven' t figured out yet. Once do I will be doing a lot of picture taking!
Works for most things it is advertised for. Weather, music, daily update, ordering, or my kid's favorite, "Alexa, tell me a joke". I wish it was at least decent with responding to general search questions, this is where it really seems to lack. I get a response to about 20%-30% of the things I ask. Will see if one of the other devices on the market can do this better.
This is a good product for your money. It's basic it does the job.
As one step in setting up our new home we wanted an easy formate for news, music and communication. Echo provides all of that and more.
I bought the Echo at a discount when combined with a Logitec Harmony remote. I now can operate my AV system just by telling Alexa what I want it to do. Pretty cool! I also use it to listen to Pandora and get my news at the beginning of the day. It is capable of much more but I am happy with what it does for now.
Love this thing so fast when uploading video can wait to do more with it
Bought this for my son for Christmas. He loved it.
Awesome and best e-book reader. I love the smooth page translations, bedtime shade and perfect hand held device. Kindle Fire has took their e reader to the next level. Great apps, music, and storage expansion for the price.
This tablet is extremely easy to use. There are a wide selection of books and apps available.
Great streaming box to watch anything from the internet.
The pictures are clear and it's it doesn't weight that much.
There's no doubt that this is the best Kindle device available. The battery life is astonishing, and the design is unique and extremely ergonomic. Holding this in your hand is such a pleasurable experience, it fits like a glove. So what are the cons you may ask...For one, the battery life depends on the provided case. It acts like a travel charger in a sense. Why a con? Well, it limits your customization options. And there's no way to purchase other colors or replacements for it at this time. So, you best be cautious with it.And two, the price obviously! But if you take into account that you basically are given a premium case, the device itself is a premium device, and you have a traveling charge inside the case...It may almost even out. But a $290-$350 device is hard to justify when it's just for reading.Still would recommend to any fan of e-readers/reading
We ordered the FireTV because it has an ethernet connection for quicker speeds. It also is 4K ready so when we get a 4K TV its ready to stream 4K content from youtube.
It's a very good tablet for your child everyday use
A rating of 3 starts is what I can give this product. The Fire HD8 show a nice picture and is used mostly to watch NetFlix. However, the Fire HD8 will restart when the battery indicators is at 35%. I am not sure what is causing the issue or why.
I love everything about this tablet except for the camera it's only a 2 MP.
Looked at the Echo before we bought this and I would have been a fool to buy it when you have to add a battery to make it portable. This has everything we need and then some.
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind
everyone has enjoyed this item. Great fun for the whole family.
Pleased to learn that Echo has many features that I will use frequently. Very happy with my Echo and the excellence of the phone support I've gotten.
I bought this Black Friday for an exceptional deal and my son loves it!
I'm super happy and very glad I made this purchase!
I had some trouble after purchasing this, had to reboot it a lot, but since the last update it has been working great.
I got it during Black Friday so it was an excellent price. It's smaller than an iPad but still an excellent product.
We really enjoy our Alexa. I always have it for music. Lately we been movie times. The kids like to ask it silly questions and they can't get enough of it
just got it for price, was replacement as gift. friend likes it
After visiting my Nephew up in Portland, Or were he introduced the fire stick to me I couldn't wait to get back to Phoenix to purchase one but after talking with the sales clerk I decided to get the Fire TV and enrolled Amazon Prime happy that I did.
Love the tablet mainly use for games and internet. Grrat product foe the price.
My nephew always wanted to play games on my phone, so when I saw this tablet on sale I picked it up thinking it would make him happy to have his own tablet to play games. For past month, I have not seen him once with out it. Big score for favorite Aunt..
This speaker can really put off a great amount of volume!
This little device is impressive. Easy to install and simple to navigate. I own both the Fire TV and the Fire Stick. The Fire TV is slightly quicker at responding to input, but not so much that it's a deal breaker. The Stick is great for taking with you on the road. Both devices are a great value. No complaints whatsoever.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01J2G4VBG/refcmcrrypprdttlsol4
It does the job.
my grand kids talks to it, while doing there homework, school projects etc. i use it for the music. its great.
This is actually worth the money to purchase if you're wanting to watch Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, etc. Everything that you can download on your android devices will be on here and you can even download games to play for kids and adults alike. Easy to set up and use. Just need to set up your Amazon account, and if you don't have one you can make one to use it. Bought one for my mother in law. Best $100 spent. I do not regret this purchase at all.
everything I was looking for and more. Clarity and brightness
I loved this product. Excellent for the price. so much you can do on this. Also excellent for kids.
Great product. Enhances my TV options!! I enjoy the ability to have access to many programs when I want them.
Easy to use, you just plug it in the outlet. Anyone can figure it out.
Bought this tablet for my son..great battery life, shipped fast..great value!
I use Amazon for everyday purchases and am a member of Amazon Prime. This tablet is extremely fast and seems to me to be very well built. I am now thinking about retiring my Nook Color that I have been using for a very long time.
The Echo is a great little portable speaker with many uses.
completely satisfied, and absolutely love it!!! definitely a great thing to have...
Great tablet my daughter loves it, would definitely recommend it to a friend.
This was a nice edition to my entertainment add ons. Makes watching tv more of a pleasure. The price wasn't that bad either.
The google note is a lot fun and it has a lot of built in knowledge.
We love the voice command remote. Easy setup. Kids and adults can operate it.
Omg I am so enjoying this. Sitting around the back deck with family wishing we have music that doesn't require plugs or wires. Saw it online deals of the day read the reviews and ordered on he spot and drove a half hour drive to my closet Best Buy. Play it now everyday.
This is a great product, works with my Hue lighting products and Ecobee3 thermostat. It is fun and the sound reproduction is good considering the size of the speaker. I would buy the product again if I had the need.
Great device: perfect sound, very accurate voice recognition throughout the entire house. A lot of services available (some requires a monthly fee though) and several connectable voice controllable devices.Worth the price.
I just use this to watch Hulu and AmazonPrime videos, and HBO. The one complaint I have is that there's no HDMI output, so when I travel, I can't hook it up to the hotel tv to watch.
Excellent product nysecond one will but again love read
My nephew liked it and uses it, might not be an ipad but it works
This kindle was purchased for my mother. She took to the kindle with ease. She was able to navigate through the device without any problems. She is very happy with her kindle.
I bought an Amazon Fire tablet for $50 and it's been able to handle anything I throw at it. I even run Kodi and other apps on it. I have a Bluetooth keyboard with word processing app, and even an external mouse for it. Finally, it runs emulators too. Love my fire tablet. It's the best $50 I ever spent.
I use Alexa for fun facts, listening to music and telling weather. I also use it to turn on and off some Wemo lights I installed. I bought this one as a gift for a close friend, and she loves it too.
This is a great product. Battery life is very good. Great for reading at night and works great in sun light. Sign up through Amazon and get books cheap or free.
Perfect for our family. Everyone can use it! We use it everyday!
Amazon Product is good and it is handy. It is useful while travelling.
I enjoy getting Anwsers to questions quickly and verbally. No need to sign in. Can listen to music too. Fun device.
Great product and great service from bestbuy online
Bought this for my new Kindle since they no longer come with chargers. It's fast and can be used for my phone.
I purchased the ECHO so I wouldn't have to Google as much. It does have limits on certain info. but my grandson enjoys the games and quizzies.
My daughter loves it! She uses it with ease, which makes me an mommy very happy. No complaints. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend. Very helpful employees at Best Buy as well.
Really great item for the kids and very user friendly
You will be amazed by the sound that comes out of this device. So easy to use and the voice activation allows me to change the station even from a distance. We plan on buying another one because our grown son has enjoyed ours so much .
Best tablet hands down for kids! Great parental controls and content selection is awesome with Amazon Freetime!
We are used to iPads in our house. This has taken some learning to get used to a slightly different format, but it works great!! The price point is perfect for kids to use without the worry.
This streamer box is very easy to set up. It finds the WiFi quickly. A nice and enjoyable addition to cord cutting.
I was unsure about getting a tablet but after purchasing the Amazon Fire I was convinced that I had made the right choice and have been very happy ever since. I was concerned that I had a lot to learn but it came quickly to me and I really like the screen size. It was a great buy!
Unbelievably good value when I bought one at a discounted sale price, but well worth the usual Best Buy price of USD$50. Simplicity itself, particularly if you have used Android previously. Although restricted to the Amazon environment and App store, I still found all the free apps I could ever need, and the tablet appears to be very reliable compared to my aging nexus.
Alexa is phenomenal. Intuitive and witty. A must have.
unit is very reliable. better option than the fire stick as you can hard wire with the fire tv box
My daughter just turned four. She loves reading books, watching movies, and playing games on her Fire. It has a short battery life compared to other big name brands but still good, usually around five or six hours. The included amazon free subscription is great, lots of great content from Disney and other quality brands.
I love love love my fire tablet...i was surprised by the ease in using it
Worth the extra bucks to buy the TV over stick and plug in your Ethernet cable.
Easy to install, get up and running. Easy to use. Works great
Excellent pick up during the Black Friday Sales. Not too big not to small. This tablet bundled up with Amazon Prime service is a great combo of inexpensive entertainment.
I got this for directvnow Hulu cbs omg a lot of different apps it was time to cut the cord I love it
2nd kindle bought as a gift. Easy to operate, can fit in my purse and eliminates having to carry around multiple traditional books.
Shopping and todo lists are very helpful with productivity. Fun interactions. Not always able to answer questions that she should be able to. Not connecting with Exchange calendar is a problem
My mother loves her tablet. She has been playing with it on a daily!
good product for this price. I like my Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet - 8GB - Black
Awesome and reasonable. This Fire TV box packs enough punch for your viewing with more than adequate content.That it will knock you out.And for a REA$ONABLE PRICE. That you can afford.
User friendly and overall great product. Camera quality is not the greatest but this is not intended to be used as a camera so I can't complain.
I have one that I love so that I purchased this to give as a gift, and the recipient loves it too!
Speaker is really cool. Sounds great, easy to use. Love the fact that it is portable. Only downside I see from the more expensive model is you have to tap the button (not always listening)
I purchased these for my 6 and 4 year old daughters. They love them. The memory is quite low, as they have to delete apps when it gets full. But overall good value
Finally an affordable name brand tablet with all the bells and whistles. Amazon has outdone it's self with this little gem.
My son likes his amazon fire tablet and its loud he's hearing impaired its great for him
These things are great if you don't want to pay high cable bills and have a prime account.
This device is a classic reader for people also a good gift for students. It is very comfortable to use it.
My wife & I bought this as a gift for her son. It's been a hit since day 1. His entire family has been enjoying Alexa, answering questions, getting weather forecasts, playing music. I'm buying one for myself!
Alexa can be annoying sometimes when doesn't respond to your commands or doesn't know the answer or answers from the tv. But I still love it I have two of them.
My son was 2 years old when he received this tablet, the apps and games are fun and instructional, the cover really nakes it drop and shatter proof, I have it set on a timer so it turns off after 20 minutes of use, on days when he seems to be more interested I will let him use it longer, other than thats it is so simple a baby can use it.
I like it alot it has the basics that my children needed and even my husband loves it so we will be coming back for a few more :)....
it has a good picture low price. used for vacation condo.
Bought for our 9 year old son for Christmas. First tablet. Usually just plays games/watches YouTube on my Galaxy phone. He hasn't had any complaints about this to date.
Purchased this for my child who's in his terrible 2s! As you can imagine he has thrown the tablet around but with the protective case the tablet has survived. Overall He's really enjoying it. It's a little slow and he can get impatient but it works a lot better than most tablets. It doesn't have the greatest camera but it's good enough for a toddler. Overall it's a very decent tablet for a child!
Got this tab for my 3 year old daughter. Shes always on my phone or tablet so got her her very own. It has all the functions and apps she likes and uses not to hard to use and gets the job done for the right price. She is 3 so she will drop and be rough with the tablet seems sturdy enough and not expensive that it's going to break the bank if she damages it
Bought this for my grandson to watch movies on the plane. Easy to use battery holds up well.
I purchased this tablet for my sister and she loves it!
I really like it. Easy to use and very friendly. L
This is very easy to install and use. It has a lot more capabilities than we were aware of. New features are added each day in the market
I bought this as a gift for a girl in the second grade. She maneuvers around on it really good.
Very happy with this product. It is a great deal at this price point
After several attempts to get help from Roku with no resolution I gave up and bought an Amazon Fire TV. This is by far the easiest to use. Love it!!!
I bought this Amazon fire not for myself but for my cousin who lives in Mexico, he loves it I added movies/music and he said sound is great and it's perfect for school and for research
This is my second Echo. The family just love it. Using IFTTT, I have it working with so many other devices. I just wish I could set the address to outside of the US.
Excellent product, works really well...love it....
If you want to cut the cable and go from your cable plan to a much more common sense one utilize this magical little box. Not only can it be loaded up with the standard TV apps it also makes a pretty great gaming system.
My child loves his table. Educational material have been downloaded and he has learned his alphabets, how to spell color words, phone to sounds and is beginning to write at the age of three.
I love the Echo...I have two of the regular echo's and two of the dots in my house...I love what they provide for our home.
This tablet is great. So glad I purchased this item.
I purchased this for my son thinking it would be a good beginner tablet. I was so wrong. I couldn't even get it set up for him to use it. Before you comment that it may be the user, I have set up every electronic device I have purchased for myself or my children (compters, cell phones, lap tops, game systems) This tablet would not connect to wifi. I even took it across town thinking it could try that but still nothing. Maybe it was defaulty equipment. I sat right beside him and had perfect wifi. My other son sat right beside him had perfect Wifi.
Would recommend it 100%. EASY TO USE GREAT FOR KIDS
I bought 4 of these tablets for my 12 yr old Sunday School class to use during our lessons. They love them. The tablets are easy to use and a good size for that age group. Very much worth the price.
I bought this tablet to replace one I had (different brand) that was worn out. This is a pretty good tablet for the price. I just wanted something to use til I could get something bigger. I've had no problems with it other than some of the games I played on my other one not being available on the Fire.
We love the fire tv, all the channels we get not to mention the saving from not needing cable any more.
It's a great product I enjoy the amazon fire stick
It's easier to read my books and stuff on this than my phone. Also had a micro SD card lying around to expand the storage.
Purchased for myself & I just love it......very easy to work with, great features & great price...I would highly recommend this product!!
These are all true and they really are up on your reading or browse the Web with this tablet, which offers access to Amazon Underground, so you can download apps and games and discover exciting new entertainment. Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments, love love love.
Pretty easy to use once we went thru it with our grandkids. We are not technically savvy.
This little box is awesome. If you have Amazon Primeits a must have and even if you don't it's still worth it's weight in gold. Sure just about every device can play Netflix or any of your other streaming services but this thing is quick. With Prime you can also add Starz or Showtime for an additional fee and that'll give you access to all there content from this things native interface no other apps needed.
Once I finish making my house a smart house this is gonna be amazing. Love it for playing music right now.
I got this Kindle to replace an old Kindle and a lost Ipad that I was using to read my KIndle books on. T his Kindle with the back lit screen combines the best of both Ipad and kindle..back lit but no glare in the sun
this is a great item-- great speaker, can sync it up to your lights, etc
I currently own an Amazon Fire Kindle. My kids love this one. It's the perfect size for them.
We have one for each of my children so I bought this one for my mother. They are amazing tablets especially for the price!
I love my Kindle Voyage, however it does not have a speaker for audio books. and changes settings ie. remaining time/pages left in book on it's own.
This is a very good starter tablet for anyone wanting to mess with one without breaking the bank. Everything runs and looks great from videos to games to books. Only thing that I feel could push people away is the app store(uses Amazon's). Otherwise this is great.
Tablet is very easy to use and navigate the internet
Good price, travels well, has a lot of good features, compact, user friendly.
The thick edge makes it easier to read than the voyage and PW. very fast and responsive. I wish the devise was longer then it would feel more like a real book rather than a CD case
Love my Amazon Echo! Does all sorts of really cool things.
I got this as a gift, and it was a big hit! Very easy to use, and kid friendly too
Very easy to use for our seven year old. Will probably upgrade in a year to something with more capabilities and more memory. She had an iPad (lost it) and misses that, but this is the compromise until we see more responsibility in how it's treated. Seems durable thus far.
Very easy to set up and easy to use. Touch screen response is great. This is my first tablet and I am very pleased. There are lots of available Apps.
great way to read & manage books... pros: non-distracting (can't do anything but reading :-) that's BIG plus), non eye straining , great battery life..
I love my kindle it makes it so much easier to read books instead of having to carry them with me
Bought this for my wife and she loves it. She said the charge lasts 8 days and she is a heavy reader. The backlight is great would highly recommend this product.
My kids love the product. Really durable after drops.
Whether you're a bookworm or a casual reader, the Kindle Paperwhite is a great way to read and discover new and interesting books. Admittedly, I only read infrequently since purchasing my Kindle. I absolutely love the size and abilities of the Kindle and have been reading 4-5 books per month since purchasing it. Highly recommended!
Was skeptical about this until it went on sale and we finally bought it. Gretat for home automation and music. Only disappointment is that we couldn't pair with another speaker.
Purchased the Amazon fire tv when it went on sale for 85 bucks and i am very happy with this purchase. This will surely replace cable tv in the not so distant future.
Ordering from Amazon is now easier than ever. Don't be scared by the recent news hype.
This tablet is AWESOME for kids. She is 3 years old and has had it since Christmas. It is easy for her to use and play on her own. It has been dropped multiple times and you'd never know it!!
My tablet works very well purchased.one for a friend she brought a sd card for more storage space having problems with it tells her not enough storage space
Bought this for my daughter. She loves it. Wifi connection is great. She mostly uses YouTube and google. Love the easy way to control parental accounts from my account. Very useful. I did buy a cover to put on it, because it's so thin, I was afraid it would break.
very glad I bought this tablet, The price was good and my friends love it
Really enjoyed the price value of this tablet versus ipad
It is nice not to have to pay for tv and have so many more choices.
I had got this tablet for my niece for her bday and it's the best.
This is a great product. Easy to use and very user friendly.
I bought this tablet for my son. He used it for mainly games. I though he would like reading his books on it but he prefers the actual book vs digital books. It works great, fast, and vibrant colors. I play with it on occasion. It fits in my hand at night and it's larger than my phone but not as expensive as other tablets. All in all it was worth the money.
I really like that my child is engaged with all of the different apps we have downloaded.
My granddaughter has the kids version so I purchased this one for an older nephew and he lives this kindle.
Easy to use. Intuitive to figure out most functions and operations.
This newest version of Fire works great! Responds fast to opening apps and speed of browser is quick. The color choices are nice too!
I bought two of these for my parents while they were visiting. These were an excellent choice as my parents are older. Being able to adjust the font size, the backlit display touch screen all easy to use features. My parents read alot and have said many times now how much they enjoy them.
The latest Amazon 8" HD tablet is a very good tablet for the price. The updated processor and extra memory (with expansion slot) allow for very good performance on all that we use this tablet for. Netflix, Hulu, browsing the internet, and doing e-mails all work very smoothly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a very cost effective tablet
Got this as a gift for my daughter. She's in College, and it's been very helpful for her to keep track of her schedule, emails, and appointments.
Great tablet for the price.I would recommend this to friends and family
With the backlight, I can read without turning the light. Also the paperwhite is really easy on the eye.
Great 1st tablet for my little nephew downloaded great games and after he dropped it twice still works and looks amazing lol
The echo is a great item with lots of compatibility for the smart products I bought, and is also good at being a decent radio/music player when I'm bored.
great the kids love it for learning on and great on long trips
My son is obsessed with his kids kindle!! A must have so they stay off your phone !
It's a nice tablet for the price. Very productive.
Very nice does almost everything I wanted it to do. Wish it's voice recognition was a little better.
I bought this tablet for my dad who is not tech savvy what so ever. Great tablet for a beginner.
Have you ever had a device that actually changed your life? This is one of those devices. It's absolute genius. Echo is for you if you use Amazon Prime and have WiFi in your house. Tell it what music you want to listen to. Ask it how many teaspoons are in a 1/4 cup. Tell it what groceries you need. Tell it to turn on the lights, TV or anything you want with the addition of smart plugs. All in all, it's as close to flawless of any new technology I've ever had. Echo is worth every nickel.
This is a great device. Easy to use. Long battery life and nice functionality
Great tablet for beginners at a great price point. Takes a little to get used to the Amazon operating system. Make sure you get a memory card with this as you have limited internal memory
great value. it doesn't hurt my eyes. So easy to use and upload books. best of all my kids wont try and use it to surf the web.
This is a great inexpensive disposable tablet. It does run on Amazon's Fire OS which is based on android and designed for Amazon's app store. Technically you can side load it with other Android apps to get around some of the restrictions/limitations should you desire. If you are a big Amazon Prime fan (often using Amazon video/music, doing Amazon shopping), or need an inexpensive yet still very functional tablet then just get it. For the price, you can't beat it. If you are expecting a big major functioning tablet that uses the Google Play store or is comparable to an Apple iPad that is 6x the price, then this is not for you but you won't find that in this price range.
Birthday gift for wife. Her other tablet battery only lasts a hour. She wanted another one. Great tablet for the price.
I am very impressed with this set-up. I purchased as a cheaper replacement of an apple product and it does exactly the same thing.
The Amazon FIre Tablet is awesome. My daughter loves it very much. It is very easy to access and download your apps. The settings functions are very easy to use and program.
My wife previously had a nook that sadly broke due to an untimely drop. We purchased the paperwhite and she can't say enough positive things about it. She loves how quickly it connect with an author and the other books they've written. The light doesn't keep her up all night, but she can read without having to have all the lights on so at least I can get some rest. We highly recommend the Kindle Paperwhite.
I received this as a Father's Day gift. I enjoy using it quite a bit. I like the Flash Briefing the best. I also use it to play "Thunderstorm Sounds" for relaxing white noise. Easy to set up, easy to operate, and useful with the Alexa app on my phone.
Black Friday deal, cheap and does what it's supposed to. Kept a little girl very happy and occupied
this kindle was for my 3yr old so she would stop using mine. she really enjoys it and caught on really quickly to the updates compared to mine that was purchased 2 yrs prior.
Does what is needed. Can watch both Amazon and Netflix on TV
Thos works great for surfing the web and playing games, lite and compact
Same features as Echo now, but easier to move around the house as needed w/you.
steep learning curve, great for music and controlling light
I have other Kindles and this one is okay. For the price it was a decent buy. I may go to a larger size the next time as this seems small.
Works great but the app store is nothing like that of Apple or Google. Fortunately, you can install many Android apps from 1Mobile. The screen is fabulous and it's great at its roots: making reading books fun.
I bought this case for my son, fits perfectly! Easy to put on, love it!
Amazon Alexa is a great addition to our home electronics system. Excellent sound from the speakers to play music; useful news and weather reports; controls wifi devices, etc. we live Alexa!
We bought this for our second grader. It is great for her practice math apps, her daily reading, and fun time too! Plus it grows with her. As she gets older and likes different games, apps, etc., old stuff is radily erased and new stuff added
I love this tablet because of its user friendly interface. It reminds me of a starter tablet for kids, without being too much of a dull product.
This did not fulfil all of my needs, but it is a great starting product
We searched for months, wanting to cut our cable bill. Bought the Amazon Fire TV box. Amazon has their own programming and is adding more all the time. Also, downloaded a bunch of apps, and have been watching TED talks non-stop. Also bought an HD antenna for local channels, of which we get about 45. Deprogrammed the foreign language, shopping, preachers, and still left with about 35 which offer the 5 main broadcasters, and a LOT of 50s-70s repeats.
Great product for beginners and senior citizens. Simple to operate.
Amazing.. jail break and you get free everything... TV movies whatever!
I am very satisfied with the Amazon TV. While I have used an Amazon Firestick, I bought this unit primarily because of the ethernet connection in order to get a faster streaming speed while watching TV shows and movies. Another nice feature is the USB connection. It makes it very easy to view and listen to music audios, videos and photos on a thumb drive.I recommend it to anyone who has internet hardwire options available.
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite! Love the lighted pages and the ability to change print sizes.
Responds quickly. Hears my command from quite a distance. If you buy into google schedule (monthly fee) it helps you keep track of appointments birthdays etc.
I bought this for my 8 year old son and he loves it.
Love it, tells me weather, controls my house, I can set a timer without having to touch anything.....
I love my new echo has a super loud clear sound. Also is so useful just being able to ask and getting answers when your hands are dirty or caught up doing something else.
She was so excited to receive it and likes that she can read it outside in the sun or inside in the dark. Big improvement over the original Kindle which I also gave her.
Kids are able to play their games and watch movies on road trips.... win!
Nice e-reader. A bit smaller and definitely lighter than the Paperwhite. 'Whiter' screen still easy on the eyes. A bit expensive for just a reader however.
We bought these a Christmas for our 3 children they have been a great present the kids really enjoy them
I never expected this small device could have so many features. Its good but you need to buy a memory extension
The capabilities of this product are absolutely amazing. I truly only wish that it could integrated with other product lines such as Google based products.
Great tablet for my kids to use. Plenty of apps to choose, easy to set up and add parental controls. Cheap enough as well for what my kids use it for games and videos instead of spending 4 times as much on a different tablet
Gift was appreciated. Very affordable. Easy to shop online and pick up at store.
haven't opened it yet as i bought it for my grand baby for christmas!....i'm sure she'll love it!!!
The resolution and contrast are good. It is comfortable to read books on this device. the price is ok. I would say it is a good reading device .
It's very fast and it's very well made I really like the style of the box it's not bulky like the other boxes out there
My kid enjoys watching his cartoons on the fire tv
So I was given a HD for Christmas and when this went on sale in time for Father's Day I had to get it... Love that it has the expansion slot!!!
The quality of the display is amazing - the battery life is fantastic
Great product worth the money to pickup one of these models
I am not a savvy table user. I actually don't like tablets to start with. I prefer my convertible Windows 10 laptop but there is a Bible app called youversion that is very useful to me and my iPhone screen is too small and my laptop is too big to carry to Church so this tablet is perfect for me. Coupled with a leather case it is easier to hold and enjoyable to use. I got it on sale from Best Buy for $33 + tax. It is a great deal at this incredible price.
I love the size. Easy to carry. Just like every other Kindle as far as features.
Love my Kindle Fire but I am really disappointed in the Kindle Power Fast Charging Unit. I've had it two months and I've used it many times - The first two times it worked okay but failerd on the third and many subsequent tries. I've disposed of it and use my wife's iPad Nano charger which always works just fine.
This item has worked well and is a great addition to our home. Very easy to get information. I also hope to align it with some smart home functionality soon.
I picked up this tablet when it was on sale. It wasn't a tablet meant for primary use and it is not an iPad. But for the price, the tablet is very powerful. With Amazon prime I could do much more than I expected. My complaint is that the front facing camera zooms too much on your face. Also, there is only so much that a single speaker can achieve. But it is definitely worth buying as a backup tablet.
My kids love their new Kindle Fires! No issues and we bought these in August. Highly recommend.
my wife surprised me with this, and I wasn't sure I needed it... after all, I have a smart phone, laptop, surface and a mini-tablet ... seems redundant, no?Long story short, none of those other devices are optimal in bright sunshine. This one is. it has more capabilities than I am sure I am using. need to learn to read magazines on it. but it works well, and especially outside.
I like this item you can watch a number of shows and movies streaming 4k
My daughter gave me an iPad for Christmas. Had kindle before old one had broken screen. Not repairable on my geek plan. Bought this one for self for Christmas. Don't need both.
This tablet is easy to set up, has great resolution, and is perfect for reading books or surfing. The price is affordable, too. It is perfect for anyone who wants a fun and casual way to use technology.
I like the Echo for the intelligence that Alexa brings. I wish it had sound quality that matched that of my Sonos or rather the Sonos had the smarts of the Echo. Either way, I don't regret buying the device.
I am extremely pleased with my Kindle Voyage. It lives up to the hype. It is slightly smaller and lighter than the previous version. The ambient light monitor works well. Text is clear and very readable. My only negative comment would be that the battery does not seem to last as long as I expected. I have recently retired; so I am reading more. I recharge the reader about every week and a half. That said, I am reading indoors and perhaps the ambient backlighting is on more than normal.
Have not yet received it yet, but I am sure it will be great, as I was assure if was what I would need to go with my Kindle Voyage Reader to recharge it. I am anxiously awaiting for the arrival of my reader so I can start getting books to read. Sincerely, JudieMae
This device works great! Can't wait to get more items to sync with it!
My kids love Alexa & the continued responses. Alexa responds well to anyone's voice in our family. There is so much potential to what Alexa can do, but unfortunately, not something we can continue to put extra money into purchasing all the possible extras right now. We'll just have to add a little here & there.
Did my research on this speaker and I am happy with this purchase. Do wish it had more applications like Spotify on it though.
This is the 6th tablet I have purchased. The Kindle Fire tablets are perfect for just about everyone; from my 2 year old grandson to my mother. I purchased this one for my mother, by the way. For her, I thought she could easily access her email and play mind challenging games. WiFi is need to use this, which is great because there are no monthly charges for using this tablet. Also, it must be set up very securely because no security system is needed.
I got the Amazon Echo for a birthday gift and I love it. It's easy to use and sounds great.
Originally purchased for my husband but it has since become our daughter's favorite device. She enjoys watching YouTube videos and playing games on it. Went without a case or screen protector for several months and we are very pleased with how durable it is.
I bought this to replace a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. I absolutely love the Kindle HD 8. It was easy to set up and very easy to find my way around. The only reason I took off 1 star is that I have found some apps are not available for Kindle. But so far from info I have read online there are ways to resolve this issue.
I started out with an original kindle and wanted one with backlight and the price was too good to pass up!
Bought this for my 9 year old, he loves it. Great buy
Alexa is tall, slim and attractive but too jealous to use Google and that makes her rather dumb. And she is just a shill for Amazon prime. Dropping the personification, music volume changes annoyingly with different songs and over time. The database Amazon Echo draws from is very limited: Alexa can tell you what the weather is but not what the most common woman's shoe size is; what Serena Williams' age is but not how many guns Ruger sold last year. Stand by for more tech-savvy companies to take the Echo concept to maturity.
So far so good. Compatible to my things and very responsive. Way better the. Using Siri lol (still love apple)
Use this everyday, everyone will find it convenient and useful. Great purchase and highly recommend!
I love my tap. It sounds great and is so easy to use.
Bought Echo as gift for my (senior) dad. It's terrific & entertaining. A little difficult to install/ set up. The sound quality & voice recognition are amazing.
Alexia was a great Christmas gift for my daughter. It does take a lot of experimentation to get Alexia to do specific tasks. Other tasks like time, weather, set an alarm are no more than basic voice commands. Would definitely recommend this product.
Durable and great tablet to handle and navigate. Camera quality is good to be used by a 2 year old. Great children features
This is the best cord cutter streaming box on the market. I've owned Roku, Apple TV, and Chromecast and this is by far the best. Offers great performance, the remote is very user friendly and I think it has a better selection of apps. The interface is laid out nicely but feels a little compact with a lot of stuff on the screen all at once.
I really like the Fire TV. We've had one in our living room for several years and I bought this one for my wife for Christmas to put in the bedroom. Great utility and very easy to sue.
Im looking for my.first tablet! because I don't have a computer.
I use it frequently and have enjoyed watching shows. I would have given it a perfect score, but not all of my shows are on it.
It is best for kids without any cell phone!!Great features!!
Wonderful product-couldn't do without it-thoroughly enjoy It-if you are a PRIME member you get to watch TV shows and movies through prime free.
I already have a Kindle Paperwhite, which I don't leave home without. I now have my husband hooked on the Fire 7". I have used it a little, but it it primarily his. He really likes it. Easy to use. Nice large display.
I received this as a gift. One of the best I've ever received.
bought this e-reader as a gift for my wife and she loves it
Got this tablet for my dad for Christmas and actually liked it. Didn't know if it would operate at a decent speed with the low ram but it was sufficient for what he used it for.
We purchased the Amazon Echo as a family gift, it has had great reviews so far.
My kid loves this tablet. not expensive and the battery lasts a long time.
This is an amazing tablet for the value price. It has gone beyond my expectations. These operate fast and efficiently. The screen clarity is excellent. Photos aren't as clear as they could be, but for the price they are wonderful. These are an excellent purchase!
I got this for my son. He is reading more now that he download the books to his tablet
I have had several kindles, this latest one just doesnt seem to be as good of quality as the previous onrs i have owned
My kids love there new tablets they were affordable and easy to use my kids love them
Wonderful Product, do not need a computer any more. Great price too
I started with the fire stick and then upgraded to the fire Tv it has a much faster processor and runs add ons better. great for your home TV set
I have a nexus 9 but it is painstakingly slow so I wanted something that does not lag Everytime I try to use the browser and does not freeze whilst playing games and this gets the job done very well. The battery life is also very good. Highly recommended for casual browsing and games.
My nephew always uses my sister's iphone when watching videos. He loves his youtube videos lol. So I went out and bought him this. The kid loves it. There's value in the cartoon membership also
this tablet works great for my 5 year old who likes to watch kid videos. Set parental locks and it works just like any of the 125- 200 dollar tablets.... for $50... my kid is happy and I am happy
It works really well with a lot of really cool features. It is still missing a few things that the Google home has (maps). But it is still better than the Google home.
The value of this device is amazing, the battery life could use some work tho
Its a good tablet for my 6 yr old to play games and watch videos. Only thing is the charger doesnt stay in the port and battery doesnt last long
I bought this tablet for myself for Christmas! I've enjoyed the ease of use and the price I paid was great. In fact, I purchased another for my son for Christmas.
restricts use of some web pages- including barnes and nobles where I have a library- useless to read the books in my Barnes library
Simple to use and easy to set up, I wanted something to remotely control the lights in the house. It is great for looking up info on the net.
It works, that is all that is necessary of it.
Everyone should get this and eliminate cable!!!!!!
I enjoy reading but I wasn't sure if I wanted to read with the aid of electricity. Turns out to not be dat bad!
I bought the 8" to replace my old 7". I love the bigger screen
Love the new white kindle with the built-in backlight for reading in the dark.
This is a great tablet for the price! Will definitely buy again
it is not free everything . have to pay and had return it to best buy store . wish free everything without cents . sorry
Young readers don't have to keep up with a book. The tablet is good for young readers
Bought 2 Dots for myself and this one for my parents. They are in their 80s and they use Amazon to play music and I use it to drop in on them. They also use the Echo to call me in an emergency.
My GF really likes this. She watches Netflix and other programs on it all the time.
This is a great little tablet for my son. It is easy for him to navigate through and it also has parental controls . I can control how long he uses it and what he reads.
I originally bought the tablet because I enjoy putting together jigsaw puzzles. Not having time to do them at home, I found apps that I could use on the cell phone while on the train. But, anything more than 125 pieces was just too many for the screen. I've found that I can do 225 piece puzzles comfortably on the Kindle and, for the amount of puzzles available and the time I can spend on them, that's good enough for me.But, the Kindle offers so much more. There are other great games and puzzle apps from the APP Store plus there's a six-month "free" trial subscription to the WASHINGTON POST. You can go online via WiFi and download books, read email, watch movies and videos, and surf the Internet, just like on a regular computer.It's great fun!
Bought this for my daughter(3) and she can't even use it because it is NOT kid friendly. It is so incredibly slow!! It freezes often and does not seem to work without wifi like it is supposed to. Also was supposed to come with a year free of Amazon free time and we have been charged for it every month !( it requires you to put a card number in before initial use. ) Keep calling Amazon and the foreign people can't seem to figure out the problem. Don't buy!
I love the ability to connect to the Internet via Ethernet cable. I had fewer buffering issues. The upscaling quad core processor also made for a clearer picture.
I love it. Can ask about weather, recipes, directions everything I use.
I have the fire stick and the fire tv box, I got the box because it allows you to pair a Bluetooth headset so you can listen to your shows at night without waking anyone up, problem is there is interference between wifi and Bluetooth and so listening with headphones gets very choppy, have to connect box thru Ethernet to fix problem.
I got this tablet for my son witch it works great for him, It does have some issues but nothing I can live with. It like to disconnect ftom the internet once in awhile and sometime you have to rest it to make youtube work, But overall for the price you can't complain great buy...
I loved it. Not only was the price good, but 8gb of memory is phenomenal!
I was in need of a new Kindle. We were going on several trips and I needed it immediately . The person at Best Buy that helped me was excellent! He helped thru the entire setting up process. I walked out a very satisfied customer.
The echo is a great product to play hard to find music and keep you updated on weather, current events, and trivia information.
It is easy and fun to use. This was a gift for my 4 year old granddaughter. She can play on it for hours.
My wife is an avid reader and ju St had surgery. On her neck. She is healing well but finds it hard to hold the weight of a book. i bought the kindle for her ad she loves it because she reads in bed and can easily handle it because it is so light. She loves that she can get books in French and any other language she wants.
Works pretty good. Hey Alexa, whats this whats that. I love it.
great tablet. it's great for playing games and reading.
love these boxes! use them on a regular basis, would recomend
The tablets that I purchased have worked great for their purpose. Only problem I have is a couple glitches I keep running into. It's frozen up twice. I end up having to wait til it dies to restart it. Kinda sucks but other than that, my kids love it and I'm happy.
Should of did a little more research. Do not like the ads on the start screen.
Nice to read books and play games only down side is battery only holds charge for 8 hours unlike the smaller ones that last longer
I was looking for a product that was affordable and easy to use, this was the perfect product
This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. I purchased this one because I heard a lot of good things about it and the price was great on black Friday.
Next generation of Kindle - with more storage. Allows the kids to download and play the favorite games
Easy for 3 year old to navigate. Like the adult to kid use.
This kindle paperwhite is exactly what I was looking for to read outdoors and the backlight is great to read at night
This tablet was very reasonably priced and easy to use. I find that I am using it much more frequently than I thought I would. The only gripe that I have with it is that it's hard to download apps that are not Amazon connected. I'm still trying to get Dropbox for example.
This was easy to setup and easy to hand over to my 4 yr old. She loves the different games and apps that are available to her.
So far the only complaint I have is not with the product but with the policy regarding the product. I had one for just about 2 weeks when I noticed a definite issue staying connected. My wife, who has had her Kindle Fire for months, said her started acting up if she had too many apps on it. I started removing them, even to the point of restoring to factory settings several times. After trying for about a week, it simply would not stay connected to the internet. It did stay connected to our wifi. I contacted Best Buy, but since it had been over 2 weeks, their policy is they can't help, unless you've purchased the extended warranty from them. They said that's Amazon's policy. I contacted Amazon, and after a fairly brief support chat, a new Kindle was on the way to its new home. I've been pleased with it since its arrival. It does most of what I need (email, facebook, minimal web use), saving "wear & tear" on my laptop.
It's a great product to have , loud speaker , however if you don't have any accessories to go with it don't buy it but if you have the money buy it
My kids love their tablets. They play games and take pictures.
This product has been amazing! We got a great deal on the purchase and we have not been disappointed with it's productivity!
Alexa is great. We use it all the time and it loaded with information from traffic to weather to store locations hours etc. The more you use her the more she does
easy for my 88 year old mom to use. screen is clearly visible.
Wife likes it, and I can sleep at night without the room getting lit up.
This tablet is a great purchase for the price. Easy to use and perfect for kids.
I love the Echo. Good speakers, great reminder and note taker. While listening to the radio while cooking dinner I also use it for a timer. It sits on my counter, taking up very little room. Love it!
Fun item that actually helps, hands free around the house
It's like talking to siri but getting an answer. Real easy to set up and much better with amazon prime.
The most benefit of the kindle is it just could read, hence, i often use it and put my phone away. the white one is so beautiful!
This product, while the speaker is great, fails to deliver with a voice interface. Use your cell phone or computer and buy an Echo Dot.
Got as a Christmas gift for my aunt and she loves it would highly recommend she thought she would just use it for books but now she is even using it for games and apps
I bought this tablet for my mother 12/7/15 as a Christmas gift, which I gave to her on the day 12/25. Just this week 1/8 she called to tell me that the tablet was not working right. I went to see her and check it out. Sure enough it wasn't functioning properly. I'm hoping that when I take it in, it will be replaced without a problem. I know sometimes items are just defective. That's why I would recommend this item. I've had my Kindle Fire for 3 years now with never a problem.
My kid is enjoying the product. It serves the needs for her. Wish she could watch some of the Prime movies when she's on FreeTme.
Small and lightweight. I wouldn't really recommend for teenagers or adults more so for kids under 10
At first, I was kind of worried that I would not be able to operate it. But it is so easy to use! I also like the parental controls, so I can control what my children watch. The best part of all though is that I don't have to see any infomercials! My family and myself have definitely enjoyed having this product in our home. We have yet to run out of programs and movies to watch!
It is a nice, cheap, small tablet to keep around for vids, Fire TV remote, etc.
Much easier on the eyes than a regular tablet and long battery life. You'd think it could be priced at the level of an inexpensive tablet seein how it's pretty much dedicated as a reader, but it is what it is and it's a good product for those who enjoy readin.
Bought for my dad as his father's day gift....he love it
I was afraid that having an electronic book would take away from the feeling of "unplugging." However, this was not the case. This kindle really looks like a book page. It is much lighter than a book and i can take it anywhere. Love love love this product!
I absolutely love my Echo! I have Alexa play my favorite must while I'm home. She keeps me informed and helps me remember things that pop into my head as I'm working around the house. I look forward to trying new skills when I discover them. Love this product!
My wife and kids love that Alexa can help with spelling and a multitude of questions. Links to music and we really enjoy the drop in feature.
I bought this for a friend's birthday. He loved it. He is a heavy reader and he couldn't believe how amazing the kindle was.
My second Alexa, easy to set up and simple to use. Very pleased with purchase.
This product works just as well as the higher-priced ones from the cell phone company.
Love this product! We have been able to get everything we need and cancel cable. Saving us lots of money!
Personalized to go with my amazon Prime account and inexpensive enough to get 1 for each member of the family. Easily read books, watch movies and powrful enough to go online for shopping and reviews.
Echo-Dot is doing the same thing. Just doesn't have the huge speaker.Echo-Dot can be connected to external speakers via blue-tooth or cable (though it's speakers are not bad for voice responses from it)
I can finally read late at night, and I can adjust the brightness so it doesn't disrupt my sleep!
Great product, fun to use, and brings all tech together in the house
Got this item to watch movies.... has Netflix and most other places to watch movies and tv shows
This is my 4th paper white. I travel A LOT and i never leave home with out it. Its ez to use and set up.
Great beginners tablet, not too small but not that big either
This is a great tablet. If you are upgrading like I did all your games can be moved over.
This is a great product if you have kids the apps and kids stuff is great
Great product. Best buy had the best prices around.
Really enjoy the echo. Can ask it just about anything. Has great speaker sound, love listening to my music on it. Excellent product. Glad i purchased it.
Can't believe how smooth it works.Highly recommend it.
Got this item for my 10 yr old son , easy to navigate . .
I had a chance to see the Google Home in action before I purchased this and now wished I had picked the Google Home. I have yet to have Echo answer a question for me without saying she cannot answer the question.
I got this on thanksgiving! It was super cheap and I'm glad they had it in stock!
Will work well for the purpose it was purchased. My child will love the fun and games that he can play. Very child appropriate and user friendly. I would encourage any parent to buy this product.
This is my husband's second Paperwhite because the first received water damage when his waterproof case leaked. He bought a Nook at a pawnshop because it was cheap but he missed his Kindle. Bought this one for his birthday.
Good product. Works as intended. I like the ability for additional memory as well as 4K ability.
I purchased for me nephew and I must say it's an awesome buy for a kid. The price is good. Picture quality is good.
My niece loves this tablet! She will not put it down!
We use our Echo daily from researching items to playing our favorite music. It has become very handy in our household.
So glad I bought this!! Nice to have my books right there..so easy to go from one to another in a series.
My wife and I really like this device. We also bought the smaller version to put in our bedroom to play music and nature sounds to go to sleep to. We don't really do a lot with the USB/BlueTooth yet though.
Amazon does it again with a great product. Pushes 4K seemlessly and am very satisfied with the product
Works great, have the firestick also, seems faster
We bought this tablet for our son in college and he loves it.
Very fun and entertaining as well as a nice way to play music.
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it! Great value for the price. Beautiful picture and it has all the the features she needs for class and social networking.
Bought this tablet for my fiancée daughter, after getting it home and set up, I decided to keep it for myself. Great screen and works great with my pair of Amazon echos. I love it and highly recommend it.
Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
Great device. I use it to answer questions, look up information, play music, for alarms, to take notes and for weather updates. I would recommend this device to my friends and family.
Contemplated getting a Kindle Paperwhite for several months before purchasing. My Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic! It is light-weight, easy to handle, and worth every penny I paid for it. The first thing I did was download (free) books I never had the opportunity to read.... mainly classics, books on philsophy, government, and leadership. I love that I can take it with me and read to my heart's content. Made a great decision when I made this purchase.
Very fun and entertaining, works with my hopper 3 through Dish and my ecobee 3 thermostat
This device plays on the fact that you must subscribe to their stuff or this is just a empty cylinder that tells you the weather and that's it. And even then there is a subscription required for everything. Google Home at least plays general music lists and a number of other key actions.
I bought this Kindle for myself last year and it's the best $50 I've spent! I hoped that my sister would enjoy one.
This is easy to use and fun to download apps with. I spend many hours on my kindle fire 7 reading and playing games and going online.
I can only hope this will bring the prices of cable tv down. Charter has made it impossible for you to afford television. Thank you Amazon for coming out with a solution!!!
I initially thought this was a gimmick product and dismissed it for quite a while... until my wife requested it for her home-office work situation. Alexa is now her best and most convenient friend, both as an office assistant and as a home /kitchen advisor and entertainment source. Alexa was a bit expensive but has certainly earned her keep!
Helpful device, easy to install and setup, great speakers
This tablet is okay for moderate use. Mine tends to lag while playing games or surfing the internet..
After reading the reviews I was very skeptical. I mainly use Apple products, but with 5 kids and apple out of my price range this was perfect. I was able to get 4 tablets for the price of 1 Apple iPad. The kids love and they don't mind the commercial. I like that I can manage their fire tablet via my phone and I get emails for everything they download. This was perfect for them. And I would buy it again.
This tablet is great for my kids. small enough for my toddler to hold and watch movies and play her games.
Definitely not the largest or most-powerful tablet you can find, but it made an excellent gift for my tech-fearing mom! Facebook, email, reading, web browsing and maybe some Netflix; that's the limit of what she does online and this tablet fits the bill.
This is my 2nd Kindle for myself, I bought the 1st one for my wife a week ago, we both love it, most important it wont hurt our eyes and battery last for weeks without charging it
This is my 3rd kindle purchase. I do also have an iPad and a Samsung tablet, but for reading that does not strain your eyes, long battery life, and soft backlight that can be adjusted from bright daylight to low-light dark room setting, that does not bother a sleeping husband, this is definitely the best. If you are an avid reader, then I especially recommend as the storage is also ample enough for hundreds of books and you still have all your kindle books purchased from Amazon in the cloud to free up space (if needed).
I love it it's an awesome electronic device I can't live with out it !
My only problem with this tablet is that after 6 months of use it stopped charging.
great response time, image quality is fantastic, easy to navigate
To be clear, this is not a tablet. It's a reader... Just a reader. But it's a great reader. Very tactile.
Great gift, for my kid's second birthday! This product is very child friendly and easy to use! I recommend this product for families!
It is very easy to use. Like that font can be magnified. Clear screen is easy to see. Remembers where you stopped reading previously.
Great speaker, Love using voice commands, Even my granddaughters use the voice command to search for songs.
I love how this box allows me to combine my Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, and a bunch of other useful hubs in one. It's user friendly and the voice remote is a lifesaver. No more typing in search boxes!
Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it. Great music player with all the great Alexa capabilities. Opted for the Tap because I'm a bit weary of the Echo always listening.
Alexa is lots of fun and can do a lot of things. The only thing I would add is the ability for alexa to call 911. This would be a great feature for seniors and people with disabilities, or for anyone in case of emergency.
A great buy for the money. Very easy to set up and use. I recommend to anyone looking for a small tablet.
The fire tablet works great for what I use it for, games, email, buying, entertainment.
Now I have fire tv in all my room is. A great product you can do a lot of thing
Got this for my nephew and he loves it, hard to get him to put it down
Christmas gift.
Excelent tablet, great price. It's good for any age. You don't need to expend a lot of money, we bought on thanksgiving and we paid less than $49.99.
This was given to me as a gift and I have enjoyed it. I love the different skills you can add to it. Now my kids need the arch Dot because they try to take the Echo away from me. I brought my mom one and my uncle brought my aunt one and the love it as well.
This is a simple Ereader that looks great in any light. Highly recommended!
Loved my Kindle so much I bought one for my wife too. She loves the Kindle and find we both devote more time to reading!
easy to use very portable. I now have 2 fire tablets the 7 and an 8.8. the new 7 is so much faster.
great tablet for a great price and size. Would highly recommend !
I like this tablet for kids because it's easy for them to use and also allows for parental controls to help keep them safe. Great value too.
I bought this for my 7 yr old daughter and she loves it! This is a great and inexpensive item for a young child.
I like my tablet very much ,it does all the things I need it for, but the battery charge don' last long enough.
This was a great buy. I read all the time and just got tired of carrying multiple hooks with me on flights. So this played a big role in packing
Works great like it should plenty of apps and more, great graphics
Do we really yet another review of the device? I suppose not.So here is a comment about my buying experience at bestbuy. In one word a breeze. And that too at a substantial discount, thanks to Visa checkout.
Bought this for my son for occasional use. Was able to download Google Playstore which greatly expands apps availability. No issues with playing games and watching movies. Screen quality is more than acceptable. A solid performer.
It's easy to use and so much fun! I like that its small, portable and has so much I can do!
It was the perfect Christmas present. Made everyone smile
The Kindle paper white is great for anyone who likes to read on the run. The clarity of the type and the lack of glare make this perfect for any reading environment.
Love the options it gives me for minimal cost . I carry it with me when I travel. .
I love my Echo! There are so many features i havent even gotten to use yet. I recommend highly!
Very easy to handle. many books to choose from and very convenient
Great product plays my music controls my lights tons of info also makes an awesome alarm clock and it keeps getting smarter.
Takes too many time, even being Prime
I bought this tablet the kindle fire7 for my woman and she absolutely loves it, works flawless for all her needs,very well made, does not come across as a cheap tablet a absolute must buy for 49.99! Best $50 tablet on the market hands down better than some I spent much more money on and in fact should I need one myself currently have a insignia flex8 16gb I will buy one for me. Great tablet for kids as well for $50 and the reliability great buy!
The screen is cool. Much better than the basic kindle. Very similar to the kindle voyage. If you want a really reading experience, you need a kindle.
awesome, great value, good quality product, I would recommend this to anyone
Arrived yesterday as promised! Little one loves it
Alexa wakes me up every morning and with out having to turn light on to see clock can just ask, Alexa what time is it, plus can do so much more, such as play songs from play list etc. worth the money!
limited apps and a bit thicker than iPad but works
Works well for my Kindle.
Seems to be great but just need a little more time to play with it. The main user is nearly four years old. Happy with it and gets excited when using it.
Love my kindle paperwhite. My first one lasted years and I immediately went and bought a new one and that one no longer worked It's great for night reading with the back light
I like that you can choose to use wifi or Ethernet cable
Love the voice control and functions. Need to download more apps. Want to purchase the lights to go with it. Never talks back to you.
4k quality is great! The Alexa ffeature works awesome!!
Easy to use, handle and screen is perfect for a toddler.
The kindle fire is great. I bought one for my husband when the old kindle quite working, then I bought one for my daughter to replace the iPod she lost. She loves it. I love that you can add extra storage with a mini SD card (something you cannot do on apple devices).
got this for the wife, her first tablet experience was horrible. She loves this and can't live with out it!!!
This is so awesome, I can check my email when I'm not at home, if the place I'm visiting has WIFI. It also plays games! A true multi-tasker!
Wanted to travel without my laptop. Found the Fire to be perfect. Used it mainly for checking email and keeping up with Facebook posts of friends. Found the size of screen to be easy to read. Typing a tad uncomfortable until one has some experience using it. Have yet to use as an ereader.
I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO YOU. This product is really light and portable. You can carry it to café or library for reading. There is no harm to your eyes because of it specific technology. The only drawback is that it will flash when you turn the page. But this is the common problem for this kind of reading stuff. I think it is acceptable. I bought on the price of 99 with a 25 discount. So it really worth it.
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she absolutely loves it. And they come in colors now.
I like it a lot, it works well for everything I need. I would like a bigger selection of apps.
This is my 3rd Amazon tablet. Excellent reader. I read about 100 books a year so the tablet coupled with the Amazon service makes for an outstanding combo
This makes my phone way to big can't fit in pockets
Had to purchase another kindle because my current one had reached its memory capacity.
Great tablet for a 4 year old to put learning games on
I wish it was designed to do a few more commands. It is modtly geared toward Amazon products and services.
Hopefully, this will at least work as an e-reader. Otherwise, Amazon has it locked up so tight one cannot do much else with it. And, even with my fiber optic Wi-Fi it is slower than cold molasses in January in Canada. Well, I needed a Kindle e-reader and for $40 that is ok.
This product works well, it your using Kodi it works great.
Love my Alexia! Best buy this year! Love the freedom of requesting music verbally and increasing or decreasing the loudness. The kids love asking her questions and I really like getting the weather and not having to wait on the TV for the news.
I bought this for a friend. It does everything she needs a tablet for. I helped her download an app and set up her email. All worked smoothly. Can't beat the price.
I've had the Fire Stick for awhile, and thought it was just fine, why spend more for the Fire TV? Well now that I have the Fire TV, I'm glad I bought. It is faster than the Stick, and works better in every way. Love the voice command! Get one!
Love the size, ease of use and book suggestions that appear when starting!
I love this little tablet it is about the size of a large paperback book. perfect for e-reader or kindle apps. small enough to carry around with very little weight. fast processor an lots of free apps you can use. also has expandable memory card-bonus!
The is a comfortable device. It's easy to hold even with a cover. No eye strain. The light doesn't disturb anyone else, but makes it possible to read in a dark space. The battery lasts a long time. I like this much better than my nook.
I purchased this product for my youngest son! He loved the color and the size. The storage is great for the number of activities that he has downloaded!
Bought for a 7 yr old. Very light weight which is nice, has sufficient memory. Would be nicer if you didn't need an amazon account to set up.
I was a little skeptical about reading books on this device, thinking it wouldn't feel like reading on paper. I was wrong. Very realistic.
Screen is good . Lack of Google play kinda hurts but you will survive. The issue of back buttons or multifunction buttons is that sometime they don't appear when you need them.. as they are part of the screen . So you have to kinda summons them which is a pain
Functionality is awesome and it can do a lot of cool stuff. The speaker is good in small rooms.
I bought this for my daughter and it was worth it. Everything works well. Camera is good. My daughter watches her shows without problems.
OVERALL, HAVE LOVED ITEM, EASY TO CARRY AROUND AND USE.
Perfect tablet for the price. Does everything incredibly well, snappy performance! Thinking about getting a second one! Expandable memory is a massive plus.
I have been reading my Kindle books on my phone for a few years now but the light from the phone was causing eye strain and I could not read for very long. That is no longer a problem using the Kindle. I was concerned about the lighting on it but it works great. It is adjustable for low and high light settings and I can read as long as I like with no eye strain. I use it every day!
Definitely the best buy for your buck. I have too of them both hard wired and no buffering ever. Love my Fire TV's.
Love the product it does good for what my children need it to do.
I like this tablet it's very low maintenance and is easy
Well worth the upgrade from the Amazon Fire stick... It is definately a lot faster and smoother.
My family love the amazon echo ! We use it all the time. The kids love to hear her tell jokes. Can't wait to add another one to have in another part of our house.
I love my Amazon fire t.v. So awesome had to get another for my bedroom t.v., Best Buy, best service!
My daughter was 27 and had never owned a tablet, she loved it!She uses it constantly
Easy to set up. Easy to use. Happy with my purchase.
Good price for the tablet. I brought this for my nephew
Purchased this for my grandson. It works great and is used mainly for reading and games. Easy to setup with no problems to register and get online.
Bought it for the kids to play with. I like it so far. Bought s few accessories to allow them to play with it
Tablet works well, slim design is perfect. Highly recommended to purchase this tablet.
Wanted a reader that I could just get and go on my way. Always have something to read. Apps are great. Easy for my 7 yr old grandson to enjoy too.
I haven't hooked it up yet, but i have herd nothing but great things about it.
I cannot think of a better e-read than kindle. At first it seems a little bit dark and weird but after a while you will find that you cannot read on ipad or other pads anymore. Kindle is just that good
This tablet is great for trips. Just make sure you download games and shows on it first since it does not have Internet. The case is great for kids who are rough with technology, it really takes a beating.
I started with Netflix and have since added Fire TV. Its good to have options and you get it by adding Fire TV. We use Fire TV more than Netflix currently, so I guess that is the best endorsement I can make
I've had kindles for years and this latest one is also right up at the top
I now have access to music in my bedroom. I love it!
I like to refer this product for low budget tablet future owner. It has all the features needed in tablet at lower price. Good display, long battery life, good wifi connection, better speed
If you have a Amazon prime account this will be useful for you instead of using another device.
Works great easy to operate well worth we use it instead off cable tv
Always in use!
Product work great. Loaded Kodi to watch movies and have not had any trouble. Definitely recommend this for anyone who has decided to get rid of the cable/satellite.
This is the 3rd one I've purchased. I've bought one for all of my nieces. No other case compares to this one. It has held protected the tablet so many times from them dropping it.
I like that it gets 12 hours of charge time. Easy to use.
I had previously purchased the first kindle fire for reading but I would get distracted with all those other apps you can get on it. When the kindle paper white came out I decided Ill give it a try. I love reading in the dark with it and that it looks like the pages in a physical book. I also love the word wise it helps to review words you didnt know later if you want, growing your vocabulary.
Store is very clean never takes longer the an hour for my items to be ready for pick up.. device works great has received the lowest price
it not only is s speaker but also integrates many of the other applications that make your home easier and convenient. so far i have had this echo for aver a month and i am very satisfied with the product.
My son loves his tablet. It is very easy to use. Very stutdy.
I ended up returning it after 15 days. The browser was too slow. I bought so I wouldn't have to look stuff up on my phone all the time. Ended up being slow, so I just ended up always using my phone.
Amazon makes great products. The echo controls my smart home and is easy to use and set up. They're always adding new features and I would recommend it.
normally I have been using the Kindle app on my phone but this device is really easy on the eyes and is pleasure to use.
Great tablet for kids of any age. It's cheap and user friendly. You can even set controls so there is an age timer as well. It's perfect!
Like the large screen for reading books and watching movies.
good,like the larger size screen and able to increase font for easy reading
Makes a great smart home addition as it links to smart thermostats, lights, etc. Very informative and the different add ons are amazing! Highly recommended.
I would recommend this to other grandparents for their grandkids
Purchased these for our grandchildren ... great for children learning to use electronics.
This Amazon Fire tablet is AMAZING. It's not an ipad or galaxy, but it still packs a ton of value into a nice package. You get a lot of nice features here, and not a lot of bull, as one would often expect from a device so cheap. The screen is surprisingly well made and durable. While it's not the sharpest one out there, it's not exactly blurry either at 1024 x 600 pixels. There is only a single speaker, and no sort of flashlight aside from the screen. The speaker gets to a decent volume, but I would not consider it to be loud. I took a leap of faith here in buying this and I am so very glad that I did because this tablet has far surpassed my expectations in every way. The games are smooth and fast with minimal lag from what I've seen so far. This plays demanding 3d games pretty well I may add. The Amazon store has a lot of cool free things to mess with when you first start out. It only took about a half an hour or so to set up and update everything. The micro sd slot accepts up to 128gb cards. Battery life is ok. If not gaming on this, you can expect 6 hours or more. With light use, this could last all day on a single charge. Video is smooth and the screen is nice and surprisingly bright. The responsiveness of the screen is spot on. I can't really mention any downfall , because there really isn't any. The one thing I will say could be better it the wifi. When set to default settings, wifi kept turning off on me. Once I set wifi up to be always on, it was much better. You usually get what you pay for. In this case, you get more. This unit feels like it could have easily cost well over $100. I'm just sad that I didn't yet get a protective case for mine. I would HIGHLY recommend this product to friends, family, or anyone who needs a nice tablet or wants a nice gift for someone. This Amazon Fire 7 inch tablet earns a solid 10 out of 10 stars from me. I'm picky too. If you are even slightly considering this, just buy it. You won't be disappointed.
U can do so much with this tablet, compare to the more expensive ones
Great.I love it..Im glad I got it..My nephew loves it.
Like most, I love reading actual books that I can feel in my hand and turn the physical pages of. Due to that thinking, I spent years not really considering a Kindle. All I can say is that I wish I had one years ago!! It's incredibly easy to read on, and so handy to have. I load up tons of books, which take up no space, and am all set. And I love that I can read before bed without having to leave the light on. Having a Kindle has reinvigorated my love of reading, and I'm reading more than I have in the last few years. Cannot recommend this enough.
I originally purchased a Kindle paperwhite but returned it the next day and purchased this one. Very easy to read on, watch movies, and listen to music.
I purchased this tablet for my granddaughter, and she can't put it down!
Echo is great, I love that I can just say play my music, or play Christmas music or what's the weather,
Bought this box and love it. Cut cable and use this with PlayStation Vue. I recommend this over Roku
I only purchased this because I loved the sound quality. Alexa is just a added bonus personally as I rarely hit the "tap" button to ask her anything. The few times I asked her questions, she hasn't disappointed. EXTRA: Now what would make this device amazing is if Alexa was able to connect to my Apple Music playlist! If only...
Well received as it was given as a gift to a person who likes technology
Easy to configure, works as expected, easy to download books
Wry basic, but I guess, it's ok for the price. Bought for a 6 year old.
Good qualities , capable of answering 80% of all questions. Somewhat disappointed.
I have both fire tv and the fire stick. The fire tv is way faster than the stick.
Bought the tablet for my young nephews and they love it. This tablet is user friendly.
It's good tab can download different apps without purchase just the bad thing is the charger doesn't work
The tablet is nice but the internet source takes forever to load so it is just easier to use a standard computer or phone to surf the web or get on Facebook, etc.
I bought two of these during black Friday for my boys and they love them.
Gift for my husband who hates reading on the iPad. He loves this so much better!
The Kindle fire is a great little tablet. It works great for what we needed. We use it for reading, games and email. I recommend the Kindle Fire gets it done in style!
For a pre-teen, this is what exactly my niece needed. It replaced an old iPad for her. It does almost everything the iPad did. And the price was a lot better.
The kindle continues to freeze up when watching a movie. It will also freeze randomly.
Having had an original Kindle which I have enjoyed for several years, I decided to upgrade to the newest Kindle Voyage. I love the touch screen functionality and the lighted reading. I only wish I had done it sooner.
Kindle with a built in light makes it so easier! Comes with a first year warranty with Kindle's purchase.
I had originally bought the Fire Stick to do live streaming and it worked great, but after awhile I decided to upgrade to a faster media box. After a lot of research reading a ton of reviews I decided to get the Fire TV and I'm glad I did. The Fiire TV is works great with my Amazon Prime account, it's much faster especially connected via Ethernet, the memory is expandable, better picture, better wifi, and with the 2gb ram I'm seeing virtually no buffering with playing 1080p content! The remote is a lot better than the original and the voice commands are an added plus. I would definitely with no hesitation recommend getting this if you are Prime Member and want quality streaming. Cheers!
Awseome tablet for kids. I would recommend this tablet for all age groups.
I have Roku and Apple TV. I use this one mist because it allows my to add additional functionality- like Kodi Performance in as good as others and the voice commands - Alexa - are great
The Amazon Echo is very useful. We have it placed in our kitchen where we can ask Alexa to set a timer, play music or tell us a joke. The kids love asking Alexa questions as well. The only gripe I have of the Echo sometimes doesn't understand what we are asking or can't find the answer.
Buy this if you want to use PlayStation Vue. Don't get the fire stick!
I have a previous version of the Kindle, but this one surpasses it in every way, from the resolution to the automatic brightness display. Recommend it highly.
I connected my Fire HD and another tablet to this power fast adapter and got a low power connection message. I purchased 2 chargers and will be returning them. The fire tablet charging process took a very long time. I eventually unplugged it and connected to another charger.
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
I like being able to ask a question without having to pull out my phone, tablet or computer. and also listening to music.
Works great and super fast compared to my old Firestick!
It washer, it vacuums and it dries the floor in one easy touch.
This is a lot of fun to work with, also I'm still learning different things she can do.Love being able to turn lights on with my voice.Just amazing
I bought for my son to play with. He enjoys it a lot.
Echo works great. It provides good sound for a small system. Bluetooth setup/use can be somewhat annoying depending on what you're trying to connect. However there are always updates, and it gets smarter all the time.
I have not stopped reading on this amazon fire. Love it!!
Great product for the price. Has everything my child needed. I recommend it for starters
The Fire TV works just like it is supposed to. I got it mostly to watch CBS all access and it worked so well I purchased a second one 1 week later for another TV.
This is a great gift idea for the person who is hard to buy for. Got it for my dad for his birthday and he really loves it. Overall it is a unique item that I would recommend for tech loving or even not tech loving people. It is user friend, just simply talk.
This is a Great little unit for the price! Pretty quick with the four processors, good apps as well. Very pleased!
I went to the store to buy an Echo only to find out that it is a hot item this year and they were sold out. A very nice young man helped me and ordered the item right away and had it delivered to me before Christmas. Great customer service!
My niece loves her kindle tablet. She uses it all the time.
I love my kindle fire it holds a library of books that I can read anywhere. I change from my kindle fire to my phone if I don't have the kindle with me. So I can start right where I am in the book and then finish up on my kindle fire when I can. I play games and listen to books all on this device. Love it
Mainly purchased for my kids to watch movies on long road trips. Put in a 64gb microsd card and you have endless entertainment!
Ive always been a kindle fan, you can play games, take pics, read books, listen to music, even go online, and the parental controls make it very easy to protect kids.
Great buy used instead of using smart phone for games
Great addition to my older "dumb" Samsung TV. I'm an Amazon Prime member so it made sense to purchase this to watch Prime Videos. Another great feature is the ability to load and use Playstation Vue app to stream cable television which has allowed me to discontinue my overpriced satellite TV service. My only con, was that the provided voice remote sometimes would lose connectivity and the buttons were rendered useless. Resetting the unit helps, but very annoying. Luckily, there's a Fire TV app for mobile devices for remote control. Overall, I do recommend this product.
Purchased this blue kindle as a gift for my nephew after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.
I enjoy Alexa's ability to sit in the kitchen and play music at the sound of my voice. She is also capable of many things after setup. I do wish she could search Google though when she does not know an answer.
Great tablet Very good put together and easy to use Greatest for gaming
I bought one for myself and a couple as gifts, it's cute but still haven't figured out what's so great about it. I will say that it does pick up your voice throughout a huge room.
Good My wife likes it better that the more expensive ones and other brands
It Is A Great Product To Have & And Answer........
Researching all of the like products I find that this product best ties in with other sevices i use. I would recommend to my friends and family
Great tablet. Great performance and is stable. I have ipads and other tablets and I really enjoy reading and watching shows on my kindle fire vs any other tabletThe kid version is kind of annoying. So.many. apps.. ugh. And kids dont understand that they have to wait longer if they're going to download 100 apps at one time..
So far I have bought three of these of tablets and they love it
Very nice table, for a very good price. Very good for reading, browsing, and basic functions.A little slow overall. And I also miss some better features related to the different profiles we can create. For example, we can create different profiles for kids, but can't put a password to each one of them (at least, I didn't find how to do it).
The Kindle fire kids edition is a parent worry free solution to kids messing up potential settings love that you can set up a personal code and create multiple profiles
So many awesome things to do with Alexa! Be sure to read about it though
I bought this tablet for my grandson who loves it. He can download books to read and play games as well. He carries it with him wherever he goes. Has really enjoyed having his own tablet.
I love this. So many apps and the quality is compatible with a 4k TV. The only thing is sometimes the apps freeze and restart sometimes. This doesn't happen often though.
This tablet is much faster coming up to the start position than any other that I have had!So, I bought another one.
Overpriced and should be FREE with Kindle Purchase
I bought this for my wife who is not much of a tablet person. She likes it now to check emails, news, Skype and such. It was a Black Friday special. It is easy to use and small to carry in her purse. My only complaint is that the videos are not watchable at times but that may be due to my internet connection being slow at times. Overall a Best Buy!
Great for reading in bed or reading on the beach in the sun (with or without sunglasses).
This was a great christmas gift, for the person that I bought it for. They asked Santa for it, and it looks like he came through again this year. It may be a while before I get a thank you, cause it came from santa---- Check your santa mail box. they might say how much they liked it.
Great value. My kids love it and use it often. Really helps them with homework.
The person I bought it for is very pleased with it.
This was so much fun after we set it up in our kitchen.
does not understand me about half the time. would like to program it to fit my needs more. Great for timing eggs
For the price, this is very worth the money. Would be great if they increase the minimum storage to 16G.
Great $50 tablet that I don't have to worry about kids breaking. Easy to use (if you can operate an Ipad you can use this)
Can you download drama fever application in this? Please share your answer..thank you
It's very useful device, so easy to deal with. The Pandora radio can play whatever I want!
I got this as a bedroom TV. The picture is great and the sound is good too. Definitely worth it for the money.
I should have waited until this was more advanced, it keeps disconnecting from the wifi and it's a pain to reboot it, doesn't know much either, we have only had it 3 weeks so we will see how it grows with us
Got this for one of our employees. Works well and you can see the print well. Good point is that it's small and compact. Bad point is that it's small and compact. Easy to carry around, but more difficult to see words. Works great, though! Great price too!
I admit I am late to the Kindle party. I couldn't understand why someone would get a dedicated e-reader when other devices could do so much more. I am now convinced that this is the way to read a book. The battery life is incredible and the paperwhite display is so easy on the eyes. The device is also a great size and can be used one handed without feeling cumbersome.
Good item and also good price. My son and I like this!!
a good purchse for my mother-in-law with failing eyesight
The kindle is the best ebook reader. I love it and use it daily.
I utilize my Echo every morning as I get ready for work. Alexa helps me decide what to wear with weather updates, which is the best route to take to work and all the while playing my fav tunes.
Kids love it to death! Games and tv also learning its wonderful
I really like how it light up from behind, which allows me to read it in the bright light and in the dark.
Easy to setup and use. Tons of apps and games to choose from.
This is a unique item with nice features. You can add Items to a shopping list by just telling Alexa to . You can have her turn on or off your lights
Perfect for reading, easy to carry, why spend more
I love everything about this tablet! The imaging is sharp and clear. It's fast and light weight. Love it!
I got this so that I could read books on it that I didn't have an actual book version of. I like it because I am able to take it with me on trips and occupy myself that way. Also, I am able to have my daughter read books on it too. The battery life is great and I have just purchased another one for my fianc.
Great product to download movies/TV shows to watch offline.
Great Amazon tap, you can take Alexa anywhere. Love it, can do the big Alexa can do and more! No know issue safer...
This is the best 7" tablet out there for under $50 - perhaps the best tablet for under $100. It is fast and reliable
Bought as gifts for my parents. Good tablet for introducing them to smart devices.
I hope that Azi will like to have her own entertainment instead of playing games on the cell phone.
Bought this for my dad. I like this Amazon product very much.
I use it mostly for listening to music. As I learn more, I'm sure Alexa will get smarter too. I am 61 years old and even I can use it. Way too much fun.
I have had the fire tv stick for years now and this far outperforms the old fire tv stick. The ability to wire the device is a nice addition.
A great gift for someone in college because the digital books are so much cheaper then paper back.
It's a great device that lets you do stuff without getting off your couch or leaving your bed. My lights and fan can be turned on and off by my voice. I set my alarm daily just telling her to set it and the time. My tv can be controlled with my Alexa. You can use as an intercom system if you have in several rooms which I do. The only complaint I have is that sometimes I have to repeat myself a few times for it to pick up what I am saying. But not enough to worry about. B
Great! I had a friend set it up for me. Enjoy music at command.
I got this for my wife and she loves it. Uses it every day
Purchase it for my granddaughter and she love it many great children's app for learning
I like that the tablet has child settings and time usage. Very helpful in setting time limits.
I really like this tablet but, I was amazed by the weight of it compared to my wife's 6" Kindle tablet. The 7' version is quite a bit heavier which makes it a bear to hold for long periods. Other than that, it's great!
seems to just be a novelty. which has worn off....
I have really enjoyed my new kindle and the ability to take pictures. It stays charged a long time when I am reading a book or watching a movie. I just wish that kindles could run on an LTE network as well when you do not have a WiFi signal.
I bought this kindle for my dad. The size is just perfect, not too big nor too small, and light to carry around.
This is a great product for someone looking for a basic tablet with multi-use capability and is easy to use.
This is really cool. 100's of uses. Works flawlessly!!!
Bought it to try some features. You should try sleeping sound. It really worked for me.
Fun to use, great speaker. Easy to set up and use.
This is a great device for controlling your smart home. We ended up returning this for Google Home because Google's voice assistant understands my questions better and usually always has an answer, unlike Alexa who wants you to check the app
I bought this tablet for my little brother. He was used to Google's Android operating system. This tablet runs on Amazon's system, but is more user friendly. He loves this tablet and it was easy for him to learn.
this is the best tablet on the market for a really great price and even has Alexa access
It was bought for 11-year-old she seems to like it we will see
Out of the box, was easy to setup and configure. Very user friendly and integrates in my home nicely
The amazon echo is an amazing home automation system!! Works GREAT!! SOund is incredible !! bluetooth works flawlessly!
The device is fun and informative to use. I would buy this item again and also give it as a gift
I was skeptical about the Fire OS, apart from being a Windows Phone user and then used Android a little on Nexus Tab, I found FIre OS a little annoying and not easy to use. But then just after 2-3 tries you get used to of and works fine. The tab is fast with Quad core processor and good RAM. I was thinking to install Android, I bought two of these so the one which I want to gift someone I'll install Android it, Although I myself will try FIre OS for a while and then decide.
I had a new one but it stopped working....So I just went and bought a new one. Works great!!
Improved interface and same great readability as the Paperwhite.
If your not looking to spend a ton of money on a tablet, this is a very nice option.
I love the Amazon Fire TV. It is easy to use and setup. I use this almost everyday. Trying to cut the cord, this makes it easy to do.
I had to spend a lot of time figuring out how to allow apps from the Google Play store to be installed. Without that capability this tablet isn't very good. Amazon just doesn't have enough apps available. I did a fare amount of research on the internet to find the process for installing the google play store. I also notice that this isn't a "snappy" and "fast" device but I wouldn't expect it to be for $50. For the right situation this is a great buy.
This tablet is a well made tablet. Be sure to get a sd card as the memory is not great. The Amazon underground with totally free games and apps is worth the purchase alone. You do not need Amazon Prime subscription service to enjoy this little tablet. Go on and purchase one for 50.00 you wont regret the purchase.
I would have given 5 stars if it weren't for the charging port. There is a small metal prong that lines up with the cable that can get bent if you do not plug it in VERY CAREFULLY. Have had to send one back because it would no longer charge. Otherwise great tablet.
I love my Amazon Echo and have already purchased a 2nd one for me and 3 more to give as gifts. The sound is great and it's so easy to learn to use. We love the versatility of playing music, setting timers and alarms, giving me the latest sports scores of my favorite teams, and making shopping and To Do lists to share between us.
I have a total of 6 firetv box at my house, most of the time, cable has nothing serious to watch, but with firetv, you will find something for sure to watch.....
I own a Fire tablet and bought this for my grandson for Christmas as he always uses mine. He loves to play games on it! He is 7 and it is easy for him to use.
great - can charge Kindle e-book reader without the need of computer being on.
I bought this tablet for my son. i really liked the price compared to other brands.
Previously had two Roku devices and ended up switching both to Fire TV's. Interface feels much better and apps seam to respond better on this than the Roku.
I would say about 50% of the questions you ask are answered - far too much I do not know. You do not get that same level when yopu google something so not sure why the difference. I would hope there would be further upgrades you can download.
This is the best tablet I have ever purchased. Very easy to operate
The fire tv has been a great addition to my entertainment system! The customer service was great! My sales associate helped me make a decision by having all the information i needed! This is an example of why i remain a loyal customer.
This a great product for the price. The amazon benefits alone would have made the an excellent deal... But this is a great low-end tablet as well.
Great picture and great sound. Really like the tv!
Like the smaller size. Can read in sunlight or no light. Carry in my purse to read when have time.
Have a firestick and now a fire box and I am impressed with both products. The box however is a much more superior product. The speed is extremely noticeable and the expandable memory slots are a bonus. The ability to hardwire directly into my router makes for buffer free streaming. Well worth the extra money.
Bought the kindle tablet for my granddaughter and she loves it. I have one myself and I'm always using it when I can. My grandsons want one now. You can read books, play games and use the internet.
By far my favorite product to stream from. I purchased the stick afterwards but it is no where near as reliable as the tv.
I think it's a awesome device if you like tok stream.
Bought this for my wife for Christmas (a perfect gift, if I do say so myself), and seeing the joy that it brings her on a near daily basis makes me want one for myself. Alas, it will be another six years in the sequin mines outside Nashville until I can save enough to get another one. But someday...
Good, inexpensive tablet for kids. It's nice being able to set up an account for kids that limits screen time. Amazon's Underground apps (free apps) and discounts on ebooks adds to the value.The only con is the limited built-in storage (only 4GB free after you account for the system software), so an SD card is highly recommended.
I bought Geek Squad for 2 years. Well after 13 months my device became broken. So the warranty came in handy. Thank you knowing things happend in life.
This is a great tablet for young kids, It was very inexpensive, which is the main reason I got it. Kids are usually clumsy. It has most of the apps that the other services provide.
It's a really cool device with a ton of apps but it often will freeze if left on to long
I was looking everywhere for this because I lost my charger for my fire stick and i finally found it at best buy. It was a great price and works perfectly!
I have 2 Echo Dots, and this is a great addition. Super bass for listening to music. BB had a great sale.
This is the third time I have purchased this item for the tv's in my house. I completely love it
Great tablet for simple surfing and reading. Serves it purpose!!
We bought this for our 8 yr old daughter and it's great for most of what she does, but it is not good for playing a lot of games because it locks up sometimes or it runs a little slower. So if we had to do it again we'd probably buy something with a bigger processor.
After reading the reviews and also seeing in the description that this has a 2 year unconditional warranty we were sold. Our child loves this tablet and he's dropped it many times with no damage. The thick padded case really does work wonders for this.
I got this item as a gift for a coworker and she really seemed to like it. The price is very fair compared to other tablets.
She likes to read books and this is a fast and cheap way for her to do so
Great tablet, sturdy, excellent screen quality. Amazon has done a fantastic job of making their tablets user friendly. Excellent for reading books or playing games. Would highly recommend.
Still learning the uses for Echo, and it seems I will never fully understand as new uses are add almost daily via Amazon and the never ending apps that are added.
This tablet is a great value for the price point. Great functionality and value.
good product did care for the remote but product still good
Too slow for me. You tube don't work sometimes. Able to download some books from amazon prime.
Great to use and I like the larger screen. It is fast and easy to use.
This tablet was bought as a gift for my mother. She had an older keyboard style Kindle that she really enjoyed until her new little dog got a hold of it... She seems to like this new very much. The touch screen makes using it much easier than the old keyboard style. The color display and expanded capabilities are very nice too.
We bought the Google unit and then returned it based on excellent word of mouth reviews from friends for the Amazon Echo. The kids use it often. Alexa has not disappointed us.
I have owned a few tablets and currently own an iPad and iPhone. I'm invested in the Amazon ecosystem via Kindle e-readers and Fire TV's. This tablet is incredibly affordable and offers acceptable performance but it's heavily restricted if you do not figure out how to install the Google Play store as the Amazon App Store is missing a huge number of "every day apps". It's a great extension for Fire TV's and it's certainly a good choice as a primary tablet for kids or parents who don't have an Apple budget. Personally I still find myself reaching for the iPad.
I can finally get back to reading thanks to my new Kindle paperwhite. It's small and lightweight along with a perfect anti-glare reading pane. This is my first e-reader and I love it. The paperwhite is a must as I have no eyestrain as I do when reading on regular computer screens. Intuitive and easy to use!
Love my Fire TV. Very user friendly and I love the remote.
It was a fun gift for the family. Alexa does many things and is easy to work. The sound quality of the speaker is great. Overall a great purchase.
I loved the variety of colors available for the tablet. It's been dropped a few times and thankfully is still in tact, with the exception of a few scratches. My son loves it.
My special needs son frequently drops his tablet. This is a great low cost option when no protection case can hold him back.
Best investment made. I use this daily for reading and doing light work.
This is a fun thing and very useful. We are still getting used to it. Love asking it to tell me what weather forecast is, news, Who won baseball game last night, etc. Great for music. Just say "Alexa, play some Italian Dinner music or whatever".
These are perfect for kids to use and have some nice features for only 50 bucks. I recommend.
I enjoy this reader due to its large storage capacity for my growing library and the ability to navigate to a given location in no time flat. The bright but adjustable lighting is very welcome as well.
The Amazon tv works great! Fast loading, and no buffering. Works awesome with the Kodi app!
I love this unit. The picture quality is awesome the system ui is easy to use and there are a ton of streaming services offered
I love asking Alexa questions and having her turn the lights on and off.
Looking forward to using my updated Kindle at Christmas.
I got this as a gift for my friend. It has a nice sleek look to it. You have to have the app to access all of its features, but overall it's fun to use.My only complaint is it needs to be consistently plugged in. It would be nice if it had a long lasting battery that would allow us to place it where we want, but aside from that. It's been fun
The Amazon Echo is awesome to play music, get news updates and ask questions. It helps me with timers for cooking and even lets you play jeopardy. I love it
I had a tablet that was stolen and I was happy to replace it with this one it is just as nice and easy to use!
The battery life is pretty good and the best feature in my opinion is the expandable memory slot. It allows me to store all of music so I don't have to use my phone and get a call in the middle of a party
Got this for my little brother and he loves it And it's so inexpensive im not super worried about it being roughly used for a kid
Great device don't much like the mandatory advertising
I purchased this as a gift (Christmas) for my girlfriend but i gave it to her extra early, it's a very good tablet, got it on black Friday for the price $39.99 she love it. Thanks Best Buy.
I love that I can set time limites for my 5 yr old.
Because of the great reviews I have read on this product, I have purchased 2 for Christmas
Love the kindle. Great for the price. I brought 3 of them.
Downloaded movies for my son to watch and the audio is terrible, you could barely hear it so I returned it
Would have to think about purchasing this at full price. I got another one this year for the black friday, $30 price. After adding a microSD card I use them for large Ipod alternatives. A lot cheaper than buying the Ipod and does the same thing.
Brought this for my son for xmas, he loved it and was very happy with it.
The Echo was originally purchased as a gift for my wife and I. That did not work well as I have not seen it since. My wife uses it to get ready in the morning. She loves to ask her the weather so she knows how to dress and loves to have her play music as she gets ready. All without going to her computer. She can also asks for store hours and phone numbers. She seldom is interested in technology, but has told me that I can purchase another one for me. Yes!!!
The graphics and sound on this tablet were better than expected!
We love our Amazon television box we want to order another one
Nice toy but not very useful unless you are controlling a house full of appliances, lights, etc. Also not a fan of Bing which is the search engine the Echo uses.
Alexa has been a great addition to our household. She is simple to connect and easy to use. We use her daily to keep us informed about current event, enjoy her music and have connected several devises to her to make our house smarter.
My daughter loves her tablet. However we had to replace the first one we bought as it couldn't connect to the wifi properly. The second one works fine now.
this tablet works great for note taking at school.
So I got this for my nephew mostly for books for school and games but he tends to get anoid with it cause the internet connection that it picks up doesn't stay but other than that great
Is easy and nice tablet. I love it... I can share my account with my husband.
Alexa is easy to setup and fun to operate, she can answer just about anything you need to know, it works best if you have Amazon Prime to stream all the free music. Be sure to find a remote, its crazy the jokes you can play on folks, and the Amazon Dot is next on my list, gonna connect it up to the surround system
I was amazinged that it was just what I wanted and didn't know it. You can read in the sun or dark. The screen has a special filter on it. It does a lot more then you realize. Love my son can look up words and highlight things for school. The library free borrow apps work too. You won't be disappointed. My 12 year old made me buy him his own :)
it's a bit flimsy, but does stand up, so I'm not complaining...
I have had this tablet for nearly a month now and so far I love it. Is small for portability, it does what I want it and need it to do. I use it to watch movies/series/shows etc from online apps like amazon prime. The price is unbeatable for this tablet. I am def getting my $ worth out of it. Love it would recommend. Makes for a great gift. the camera isnt all that great but I dont use it to take pics at all.
This tablet is Affordible and supper useful! If your am Amazon kinda person I definitely recommend this
Perfect tablet for the price. Easy to use good sound. We gave it to our 4yr old for his tablet.
Really good for reading and watching movies and playing games.
Works fine and I am pleased with my purchase. I would purchase again.
By far the best small tablet for the money that I could ever find. I bought one for my niece three years ago and she absolutely loves it a great buy.
I recently purchased this product for my grandmother. She sees the text much better and the operating system is very smooth.
Great price over the holidays, recipient thrilled with the gift.
first tablet for my goddaughters they love it easy to use easy setup
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
Lots of fun direct Alexa. Just need to be very direct with wording of commands. Continue to improve with software iterations.
then you have a beast of a tablet. Especially when you can catch these on sale for $39.95
Got this tablet during the Holidays while on sale. Take it to work not so worried about it being stolen. And screen is tuff as heck.
Bought it for my 5 yr old daughter and for some reason it did not work. This is the second time I've purchased this and had to return it. So I will get her a mini iPad. Never again will I waste my time and money.
This product works very well and the price is reasonable.
It is easy & flexible to use. Much less expensive than other tablets.
bought it for my son. he likes it. very good alternate to expensive tables out there.
recommend it to anyone, always find something good to watch and very portable.
I love it.....Reading E books here is so easyPerfect for price
It was a Christmas Gift for Mom and Dad. They both love them and use them all the time. Its processor is pretty accurate, but not too slow. I would recommend as a gift.
Inexpensive tablet for him to use and learn on, step up from the NABI. He was thrilled with it, learn how to Skype on it already...
This is the best purchase I've mad in a tablet my daughter loves it
Excellent product. Zipper than the Fire Stick. Attractive design.
Got this tablet for my 7yr old daughter and it has been great for her. It's the right size for her little hands. Only drawback is the you can not get google apps on it. Apps have to be from Amazon and they might not have the app you want.
Works awesome...especially the 4K content. This was an upgrade from an original fire tv box, and works better than the old one.
I wanted a Kindle with a light feature for reading in bed at night. Had I done my homework, I would have purchased a Kindle with more bells and whistles.
The amazon kindle fire is a great reader on a budget. It has most of the basic functions of standard tablets(Ipad, galaxy tablets) at a fraction of the cost. It also has access to a huge amazon library of books.
This kindle is perfect to have nearby at all times. It's simplicity keeps the reader engaged in just the reading material, without any other distractions. The lighting is perfect- does not irritate my eyes.
Works well. Easy to use. I like the auto on when you open the case
Easy to use,battery lasts forever, and Compatible with public library downloads to amazon
The Amazon Echo is great for our family as it allows us to all have prime music playlists and with a simple voice command we can all play our favorite music. Setting up our smart home items was a breeze and telling alexa to set the thermostat temperature and to turn on and off lights is awesome.
Got ir in a deal for black friday, worth the money paid!
Love it. Everything and more. Love to check the weather and play games
Still getting use to using it,having trouble getting programs we like to watch
Nice display--good colors and fairly easy to read. Good for reading. Ok for email. Sort of clunky for other apps. File management is difficult.
Exactly what I was looking for inexpensive and great for my little one. User friendly.
I broke my Fire 7 and decided to move up to the 8 and could not be more happy.
Great tablet. Phenomenal value for the money. I've bought one for everyone in my family.
In this case - the answer is yes. Amazon beat google by a long shot. The google product doesn't match up. Amazon has done a great job integrating with other home security products as well as the hue, nest etc... On top of that the voice recognition is second to none. If you're an amazon account holder you can order with it, if you're a prime member you can access it's music (you can anyway, just get more with prime). Also plays well with other apps like Pandora. It's great... beats google hands down.
Can't complain about the value of this kindle for a great price. Gets the job done and is perfect for my 4 year olds studies and games.
Works great was a gift for daughter she loves it!!
This is my second Echo purchase. I use "Alexa" while getting ready in the morning. Instead of looking for a clock, I ask "Alexa" for the time 20 times in the morning.I use the Echo to set alarms, and to listen to news/music. The Echo can also play books via Audible. Oh! I also use my Echo to control my lights. Buy the Echo. It's usefulness is endless.
Good tablet. Easy to use for 5 yr. Not as many free stuff as expected. Have to pay for most games, movies and books.
Love this product! Takes clear photos. Easy access to internet. Tons of apps to choose from. Everything you could need in a tablet is here!
Although the description states that this will work on my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9, when I plug the charger to the Kindle, I receive a message that the charger is not of sufficient wattage to properly charge the Kindle. I bought this charger as a back up for when I travel. The original charger which came with the Kindle does not show this warning when I plug it in.
Wonderful inexpensive tablet, for the novice or experienced person!
works as expected no issues and I am good with prodcut
Better then advertised and am amazed with the quality/ performance
bought as a gift for my daughter. actually sounds better and easier to set up than expected. the personal assistant feature is really amazing, instant response to requests for information and music.
Very powerful book! Regardless of the no. of books I purchased, I only carry 1 small, light unit!
Easy to use and fun. It's become a part of the family routine.
Love the new Fire - great for books, games, and getting online! Easy to use features and perfect size screen to take on the go!
Our child has had one for a few years now and his cousin wanted one so we bought one as a gift. Cannot get the two of them to put them down.
The amazon fire tv box is by far my favorite box. We have roku smart tv's ,chromecast, fire tv sticks and a few others and the fire tv Box gets used so much more than the others. The beauty of this box is not only does it work wonders if you have an amazon prime account , but you can add any android app to it by simply side loading it using an android phone or your computer. The interface is very user friendly as well. My 3 year old navigates it by her self just fine. I would recommend this box over roku or nexus player.
Gave this as a gift and she was very pleased. Great product at a great price!
Purchased fire stick along with fire tv and tv works better
I bought this in order to read on it while waiting for appointments. I have a larger Samsung which I love but it's bulkier and doesn't fit in my pocketbook. This is the perfect size and battery lasts longer.
Being a busy mom, I am always looking for shortcuts. This one takes the cake! I use it for everything....checking the time, setting my morning alarm, adding items to my shopping list then being able to check them at the store from my phone....fabulous!!! Not to mention all the funny stuff she does!
Replacement charger for my son's Kindle, works great, highly recommended.
I chose this product from my daughter's this is a great product keeps them from fighting and misbehaving. I think everyone should have one for their child this is a great product to help them learn and really affordable the people at Best Buy were really helpful.
I love this tablet because it is simple and portable. Easy to carry!
Great for daily use no matter where you are. Huge fan of this product!!
I love this product. Im using it more and more each day with the added skills.
I have used Kindle e-readers since Amazon introduced them years ago. All are good products and each new model has been a worthwhile upgrade. The Oasis is no exception, even from the highly touted Voyage model. It is expensive but the lightweight design, improved backlighting and battery cover are worth the additional expense for someone who reads frequently. This is definitely a good investment!
Works great. Easy to set up, watch youtube.com for it. Some streams better quality than others.
This a cool little product. Alexa is easy to use and responsive. Would buy again.
Most buyers will have a phone or other charger that will work so you probably don't need to buy this.
Overall this seems to be a good tablet, but I wish it used the Google Play store as well as the Amazon apps, because I can't get the Target Cartwheel without paying.
I like it I use it for everyone. It's a great tablet
enjoy the jokes, the games the music I can ask for.
This wasn't for me, but for a family member (I have a Kindle Fire HDX for self). They very much appreciate having this as a replacement for another tablet, seems to work better (less/no crashes, better battery) compared to the older one (not an amazon tablet). Side-loaded texture/next-issue as a way to get unlimited magazines (can access subscription on several devices) on this, and it works fine (usually, but once had to clear app data).This tablet is not as high-res as the HDX (so tiny text isn't as clear as it could be without zooming) but it's more than sharp enough for daily use, especially at this price range
My family and I love our Amazon Fire TV it is much faster than our Apple TV and with Amazon Prime there are a ton of free shows and movies to watch
Kind of slow,but with the price it's acceptable. I bought it for my son and he doesn't care for speed.
I was very dissatisfied in my first visit to this store but this time I had a luck and I had a good client advisor. He did help me to find what I wanted.
Fire tablets most most awesome with lots of good images
Great, non-expensive item for my kids to us and not destroy my Ipad.
I have had several Kindle ereaders over the years also Nook, Kobo, and Sony as well, I even had the original Rocket Reader (I still have it) and they have all improved over the years so it's not surprising that the new Voyage is the best one yet. Over all I prefer the Kindle readers now and Amazon has perfected the eBook experience so why go anywhere else.
got the product during the thanks giving sales, good buy. The product is used primarily for reading, it does the job very well
My 9 year old loves it. Good control options. Just need to figure out how to get the Web browser on her side.
This is a good tablet for a great price. Good starter tablet.
Works well. Like that Android apps can be sideloaded onto the device. Easy to set-up and use.
This would be a perfect gift for anyone. Easy to use, and we'll put together device.
This is a great product and i would recommend it to anyone that enjoys reading.
I got this for my mother as a gift. She absolutely loves it. She was wanting a small, cheap tablet and this fit her needs.
was not sure what to expect as im generally not too savvy with technology. this amazon echo product is fairly easy to get started using and can be really helpful when you are multi tasking. I normally don't have a free hand and when you cant have your tablet with you at all times, the amazon echo fills that void quickly. I would suggest everyone with the internet to have one of these in their homes.
We have several tablets and iPads in the house and this is one of my favorites
I bought this tablet on Black Friday and it was on sale. It's incredibly slow, and the screen quality is mediocre. What bothered me the most were the ads on the tablet. I only really use it to watch Netflix- so it's fine, but don't expect anything above that to function well on this device.
I liked Amazon Fire TV, it's powerful and the result is amazing.
This was an upgrade purchase. My previous Kindle was 4 years old. (still working!) This new version is so much faster and has a much better quality camera! Love it for reading, Netflix and on-line shopping!
First I wasn't sure to buy a Roku 3 or the Amazon Fire TV. But I am glad, I bought the Amazon fire. It works perfect and with Alexa, she makes my life easier.
Loving this tablet, 5 stars in my opinion, definitely worth it. Easy and fun to use. Also, a perfect size even for a man's hand.
Small but meaningful software improvements and a screen as good as the Voyager make this hands down the best value in the Kindle line.
Super easy to install to your hdmi. Just signup for a Amazon account and you are off to the best streaming experience.
This kindle does everything i want and more. No regrets on the purchase
Bought as a Christmas gift for my husband, he loves it, user friendly and fun to have, so glad I went ahead and bought it. I am thinking of getting the echo dot for myself
Excellent speakers for home theater system satisfied
Thought the Echo was portable. Have to keep it plugged it to operate or buy an external battery.Returned and bought the smaller TAP which has a builtin battery.
Good beginner tablet for older person who likes surf Internet.
Alexa makes everything easy! This was the best purchase ever!
Bought for my wife to read ebooks. She has done that and in addition is playing games on it.Very pleased.
We love our echo so much that we bought another one for upstairs!
This device works like butter. Better than Roku. Tx
I bought it to have at work, since it is small and affordable. The picture quality is great and the sound as well. My tablet has turned into the office music source on day there isn't anything good on the radio.
The grandson likes the learning games that are on the tablet. You can see the progress in his learning from the time he has used it
I found the Amazon Fire TV responds faster than the Amazon Fire Stick. Plus it has an ethernet port! On my setup, this helps out a lot since I have 8 Fire TVs running Plex. If all of those were on one WiFI AP it would probably kill the bandwidth. The Amazon Fire TV loads quickly and works as expected. The only thing I don't like is I wish I could customize the home screen so it would only show what I want it to.
I own 3 firesticks for every tv in the house never had a problem with any of them . Wanted upgrade and saw some reviews online and I'm glad I got my hands on the firetv. With a faster processor expandable memory is just perfect for kodi the next. Big thing next to the nvidia shield which I own as well. I will definitely recommend it .
Very easy setup. Excited about receiving, rave reviews from other owners
I love this speaker it works wonderfully. Very recommend
I Love this tablet its Awesome and way Cool I highly recommend this to anyone Great price
Great pad to give the little ones a headstart to the world of tech. Very sturdy cover, nice size for little hands to grip. Very reasonable price. Great buy !!
The price for this tablet is not the only great selling point. The free year of amazon free time is perfect for my son. There are tons of games, books, and videos in this service. My favorite feature is how we can set time limits on screen time. We can even set it to require an amount of learning app or book time per day before access to games is allowed. Great choice for kids.
Good enough for the price. Great for Amazon subscriptions and Amazon shopping.
This Echo is very cool. Great sound and ease of use makes this a great buy!
Like the product. Video streaming looks great with no hiccups over wifi. Lots of supported apps: Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, and tons of others. And the Fire TV will support screencasting, just like Chromecast. I had a Chromecast, but didn't like the fact that I had to use my phone to navigate. And the Nexus Player doesn't support Amazon Prime. Voice control is also excellent.
Alexa is a fun tool if you have Amazon Prime. You can dictate songs, set timers, talk to her if you have no friends. Pretty fun.
It's alright personally the picture quality is pretty bad but I guess that's what you get for paying 50.
I bought this to turn the light on in the bedroom when I have to get up during the night. Also works good for keeping shopping list and listening to music.
I am a previous kindle owner - my favorite feature of this kindle is the back light. I love to sit outside and read and this makes is possible without having to juggle a light
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my grandson. He was thrilled to receive it and hasn't put it down. I'm also glad it came with a power cord.
After using the Amazon Fire Stick for about 6 months I decided to upgrade to the Fire TV and it is so much faster and I can hardwire it directly into my network unlike the fire stick which is only wireless.
Good bare bones tablet for anyone if that is all you seek. Do not expect the performance of a $400 tablet for $50. I have wifi & bluetooth going while streaming netflix and it performs fine, no lag on a reliable network. This is an amazon based OS, not a traditional android system.... so it is all geared toward amazon advertising and will not let you do much unless you register your device with an amazon account. It even asks for your credit card, but can be removed afterward. All apps must be obtained from their amazon app store, no google play store which is considerably simpler. There are ways around this of course if you know how. One more thing that is important and it is this... After more than a week, I finally noticed with more use that my screen has 2 spots with dead pixels which show up as solid white dots and cannot be seen unless on a very dark or black screen. After searching & reading online, it seems there are very many reports of these tablets purchased from any source having this issue. Even read someone who purchased a 5 pack and had several units with dead pixels. Test your new tablet right away after buying on a dark screen. You may be fine but it pays to look. I did not overly use my tablet at first and did not notice right away and though I still have the receipt, I already discarded the packaging. I am at the 14 day point today and could have still returned it otherwise, but honestly for all I use it for I am not overly concerned. Still whether 50 or 400 dollars, a brand new item should be free of defects. Again, so far I find it to be a reliable device if a simple bare bones tablet is all you need.
The kids tablet made a good gift for our youngest grandson, 6 years of age.
great streaming box for watching great movies. amazon tv is fast and fluid to use. they have alot of movies.
i mean if you want just a tablet to read some books and browse internet thats fine.
Would give 5 stars but THE ADDS!!!!!! Just as functional as my iPad
So sorry I bought this, had to change its wake up name to echo from Alexa it wouldn't answer to Alexa, on a scale of 1-10 with 1 being terrible I'll rate it a 2 most of the time didn't know how to answer or didn't understand the question, did all the self help and with amazon customer service am ready to return it
This was a great purchase and would definitely buy this again. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is a programmer glitch. They need to fix screen where little ones can't stop or change icons while they are watching or playing games. Frustrating for two year old to stop cartoons by accidentally touching screen
My daughter loves this tablet. She doesn't let this thing down. It's really good.
I bought this for my son as a first tablet. I am impressed by the built-in parental app. It has a good level of control that I feel comfortable with. My son likes his Kindle. I think he will like it more when he gets used to having to get through the "educational" features before he can play. I admittedly need to explore the tablet more myself. That will enable me to customize the settings and the apps for him and myself.
It took a bit for me to get used to the Kindle as I was used to reading the books on my phone with the Kindle app. I was a bit bummed with losing the color. I also don’t like that it has no sound. Other than that it's a nice lightweight device with a good battery life. At first I thought it was defective because it froze up the first time I plugged in the usb. It actually stayed frozen for a couple days before it finally started working again.
Best budget tablet out there. Hasn't everything you need for someone who uses a tablet here and there.
Voice recognition is outstanding. Useful for setting an alarm to asking questions on the web.
I had the firestick before I upgraded to the fire TV and it processes so much faster than the stick. Plus it is true 4k picture quality.
goes great for amazon prime users. The user interface is easy to navigate and is awesome for personal use.
We've had one of these for a while now. Very reliable, easy to use and great looking display. All in all a good purchase for the price
I purchased this item before b but did not buy a case for protection. I bought two. One for each grandson, They are three days apart. This time I've bought them cases and the parents are happy. They have learned how to navigate them and have learned so much from them. They both are advanced preschoolers, Thanks to this investment. Thank you for b bringing the price down, this has inspired me to have my sister purchase some for her five grands. We are all happy. Thank you again.
great tablet for kids with amazon bonuses. don't have to worry about what content my kid is accessing.
Really like it.took a while to get familiar with it,after using the Kindle keyboard unit.works beautifully and has lot of new features on it that I really like.
I purchase this for my wife that she can use as an e-reader. You truly enjoys it. She takes it to her book club meetings and she uses it more than her iPad.
Easy setup , when you install very very easy, good
Mostly use the Kindle fire to read eBooks. Works great to download and read books from the public library.
does what I want for a low price. I wanted something to browse the web that was bigger than my phone.
It is a great tablet, not to expensive. Great for kids!
System over-all is fast and I mean for less that $50, its very reliable.The only downside, its uses almost 50% of the internal storage already, OS and built-in apps ... Should have settled for 32GB or more.Other than that, this toy is just ok :)
Bought this for my daughter and she uses it all the time. I highly recommend it!DD
Better than I expected. Parental control is an awesome feature.
Christmas gift that I use way more than I thought I would. Feel like hearing a song or an album or a genre when I get home. Sounds great too.
Excellent product. It's well worth the money. I have my system linked to my Iris Security System
Really affordable present for a kid.. Or just have around
Upgraded from a Kindle paperwhite. I love the brighter screen and increased resolution. I am a book addict and the savings over printed material allows me to buy more books. The availability of reference texts is increasing which is a big plus.
Perfect gift for the grandkids. They have great parental controls. I would recommend it for anyone looking for a great gift for any age.
Purchased this for my grandson. He loves it, especially the front/rear camera.
Amazon TV works great when paired with the Kodi app.
I purchased 7 of these tablets on black friday. We have enjoyed them a lot. I was worried about the clarity of games, since they aren't hd. But, they are fantastic. Lots of free books, apps, games. Very happy with my purchase
It perfect gift to my cousin for this thanksgiving. She love it :)
Bought for younger daughter and loves playing games on it.
i cant at night it has no back light from one to ten its a 7
I was looking for something small that was easy to take with us on the go for my daughter to use and play with. It is very easy to use.
I enjoy using this product but doesn't get as many apps and games as the android!
I love my Amazon Fire tablet. It's easy to use and just the right size to travel with !
Nice size, very clear video. Lots of great apps! Excellent price.
Great value for a tablet. Was a gift for dad in his fifties and it is simple enough for him to use and play word games and watch Netflix and stuff. Got it on sale for $39 which was a steal. I should have gotten another one for that price . Best Buy always has great prices and selections especially when they go on sale. Dad loves his Amazon tablet.
Like the fact that this unit now includes Alexa. Hope that more Apps are available soon (seems Roku has a few that this one doesn't).
I owned the last generation of Kindle and I can say that this is a very nice update. The screen is better, backlighting removes the need for a book light and the reading experience is very delightful! I would recommend this to anyone that wants the best eReader in the Market!
Great little tablet, good price and charge lasts for at least about 6 hours or longer.
I got the kindle fire for my son for Christmas and is is very happy with it. No problems. Picture is great. It was a great price!
We are very pleased with the Amazon Echo. The sound quality when you use it to play music is great. I have used it for a timer in the kitchen and that is a big help. This was purchased by my husband for me as a birthday gift and I am very happy with it and so is he. Jeopardy is fun to play.
My son loves his tablet it keeps him occupied and well behaved
Great video quality lots of fun apps fun for the whole family
My daughter can never put her fire tablet down she really loves it
I got this on sale and you can't beat the value of the item for the price!
Works great, highly recommend. Great alternative to cable
My kid love it I buy 2 for my 2 kid battery life Is all way last longer
Faster and better than any roku or apple tv! Great buy for the price
A good product that provides the services I desire.
This is my first Kindle Paperwhite and I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another when this dies. I own Nook readers and this is as good as those. (Some might say better, but for what I want in an ereader, they are pretty equivalent.) Very easy to use and comfortable to read.
My wife loves the tablet.it is light weight !!!!!!
Got for my 3 year old and she loves it. Very easy to use and a great price.
awesome tablet , great price, everything i wa hoping it would be
It sounds great, works great and it's sleek. I recommend it.
This is a good purchase for online surfing and checking my mails
Love this!!! Great screen, easy to read in different lighting, and long battery life! The Amazon website has far more reviews for books and books are sometimes cheaper. Highly recommend.
A tablet with front/rear facing camera, bluetooth, external storage option, for just $50 is a great deal in my opinion. I use this tablet to play baby rhymes for my 18 month old son, in the car.
So far we like this. We've not really had a lot of luck with linking to both of our phones. I really like the grocery shopping and to do list features. VERY helpful. I'm sure there is a lot more it will do that we will figure out in time.
This is the second fire tablet I have purchased. I purchased one a year ago for myself and bought the second for my wife. She loves it.
I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
It is a great and affordable tablet for my 12 & 13 year old grandsons. It keeps up with the higher speed internet.
I purchased this as a gift for my great aunt. It's easy to use and light enough for her to carry around.
This tablet is just the right size for my son's hands. Easy for him to use
This tablet is definitely recommended if you are looking for light to medium usage. Tablet is snappy and quick but slarts to lag after installing multiple apps.Amazon app store is good but there are few essential apps that are not available, though you can install them using black market.
Great for kids or anything to do with simple task. Great to for watching amazon prime ,YouTube or just checking face book or any other chats. Love to play games. The family loves it all.
The Amazon Kindle is a great device to enjoy reading before bed. The device is small and lightweight which is better than holding onto a heavier tablet.
My son loves it. It does have some flaws though. When he closes an app and then tries to open it again sometimes it has to download all over again. Also, even though apps are supposed to work without wifi, apps will load up fine and then we receive an error message saying we have to download the app again although the app is running perfectly in the background without wifi. Eventually all apps will disappear from the screen until we get back to wifi and restart the tablet.
I use it mainly for reading e-books and browsing. However, I wished there were more apps available. Also, before unlocking the tablet, ads are shown in the lockscreen. If the tab is locked, it stops streaming the ads. You can pay $15 to disable the ads permanently. I only recommend this for basic use. If you want to use it for games or other apps, I would recommend a stronger tablet like the ipad or samsung galaxy.
This item is so great. I love it. I bought 2 of this before and gave it to my family member and they loved it too.
Good tablet but no YouTube kids like on iPhone. Don't expect iPhone/pad quality very basic AppStore for children
This is a rare instance of a product delivering on its promises. The set up is extremely easy and intuitive. Amazon has clearly taken the lead in the home assistance space with Echo. As more compatible products become available, the usefulness is only going to improve.
I bought this for my niece and she loves it. She can read all the books she wants and it is a perfect size.
My buddy got me this for Christmas. It is great to stream music. My wife got me a Prime account and we can now watch movies, listen to music, etc just by asking Alexa.
Easy to navigate. Great for kids and adults. Parental control features. Love a tablet and EReader in one!
Works great. We own two of them and love to watch our shows when/where we want.
This is a great tablet if you have reasonable expectations. And you should definitely pay the extra $20 (for a total of $69) and get the 16 GB tablet. Is it the fastest tablet out there? Definitely not. Does it quickly do all sorts of business spreadsheets applications, etc? No. Does it do everything that an i-pad etc can do? No. But at this price point it can't be beat. People say that you can't download chrome and the google playstore. They are WRONG. I have both on this tablet and my other fire, without rooting them. And with the ability to add a 128 GB card it's a no brainer if you want to play games, watch movies/tv, surf the net, email etc. I know there are a lot of people who dislike Amazon and their products, but I am obviously not one of them.
My other daughter has this same tablet, so I knew it would be a winner with my other child as well.
This was a gift for my daughter and she absolutely loves it.
inexpensive, easy to use, good color, light weight.
Alexa do ........something? Welcome to the new interconnected world Circlers! Do you want a speaker to stream your music at a voice command? This may be for you! Do you feel that technology is driving our lives more and more toward the dystopia of David Eggers "The Circle" and you want to escape from technology for a while? Then likely not, as even though you have to touch the button on this unit as opposed to the always on Echo and Echo Dots, your life is still connected to Alexa via voice prompts! I liked using it for Amazon music, and the occasional Amazon Video, but i have yet to order a pizza or hail an Uber. Some people may feel they need technology to run their lives, I am not quite there yet and may never be! It is fun for what it does though, and it is a good bluetooth speaker!
Fantastic streaming device with plenty of options. Love the voice controlling remote!
Super clear and crisp sound very clear and if you like it loud this speaker rocks
Bought this for my mom. She mostly plays games on it, but loves it.
This is such a great tablet for the price! Only regret was that I didn't buy another one for the Black Friday sale price
Love the kindle fire. Perfect size for on the go. Easy to manage.
Talk to Echo to tun on my lights, and set timers all the time
I have an iPad pro and I read in a kindle. The best reading experience and no distractions. Use it several times a day!
Excellent product at a great price. Highly recommended.
His is a very economical entry level tablet. Great for kids or for first time users.
Got this for my mother in law and it's awesome. She loves facebook, browsing the wed. It's the perfect size for carrying around in your purse. Love it!
Purchased for my husbands Kindle. He loves the way the built in stand works.
This is a great tablet for reading or searching the Web for idem's
Had a great experience with my Best Buy rep! Great Job!
I was not sure I wanted to get this new device, but I have found that it helps me a lot through out my day when I just need to remind myself to do something before I leave the house or after sometime of not getting it down. Every morning asking about weather instead of having to open a webpage. Love my Alexa and look forward to continue growth with her
the Kindle Voyage is the very best ereader that I've ever used. The light is great and does bother my eyes in the the dark at all (iPads, Fire and Nook tablets bother me in dim light and extended reading) while providing light read by. The controls are simple and easy to learn. However it is slightly pricey. For me the quality and relief are well worth the price.
It is exactly what we wanted. Great product we love it Great service, quick and gave us exactly what we wanted.
So fun and useful. We play with it and rely several task with it.
Will be getting rid of cable as as soon as possible!!!
Very easy basic e book reader. Good for beginners to start
Son loves this tablet and uses it everyday. Nice to know that this has a 2 year manufacturer warranty. No questions asked.
item has a fast processor and is cheaper than the Roku and Apple TV for cord cutting
Ive only had one tablet before this one so its great that this tablet didnt "lose me" in technology and also do everything I bought it for at the same time.
I really like the tablet. It was easy to set up everything on it. The only complaint is that it is a bit slow. I love that I can add storage to it when needed.
Love this tablet! Highly recommended, especially for a toddler who's learning. Has lots of games and activities for learning, parental controls, which I find extremely necessary for the internet today!
Have so much fun with Alexa I am getting my mom one
This is a fun and helpful device. Alexa can answer almost anything you ask her; if she can't - reword your question and try again. I use her for weather, sports, music, mileage, and much more.
I don't know why it was so much more expensive than the Fire HD.... considering this only does books. But, it's exactly what I wanted. It's very nice to have the backlight for reading at night.
This Kindle is really light weight and has an excellent screen that dims or brightens automatically. Very comfortable to hold and read. I like that it has page advance buttons on both sides including the touch screen finger swipe to advance.
First kindle debated between this one I got and the back lit version. Very pleased It's compact easy to tote. Using at the beech this week. I have Amazon prime so I get free downloads on books . It is easy to use . I think I would definitely recommend this product to others.
Pros: Light, easy to set-up if you have an Amazon account, parental control, good use for little ones, excellent camera qualityCons: Touchscreen can be sensitive at times
Love the fire tv. Does away with loading times on the fire stick.
Purchased this item after another tablet stopped working in less than a year of having. Couldn't go wrong with the two year no worry gurantee and the one year free subscription of Amazon FreeTime. Have had for about a month and it was been well worth the money already.
I really like the bigger screen the only downside is it takes a lot of power so the battery wears out faster than the smaller kindle
It is the perfect streaming device for me! I am working toward cutting the cable and with the help of the Amazon Fire, I'm well on my way!
This Kindle is amazing. It is extremely readable in any condition, bright lights or dark. The auto dimming function is super and the size and weight is amazing.
It was well worth the Black Friday price! The screen is so clear, it is easy to handle especially for people with not so big hands, easy and fast when navigating.
Great product. Highly recommended. Great value and great price
The visual quality on the Fire 8 HD is amazing. It runs very fast and is easy to use, very durable.
Enjoying this kindle. I like the lightness of it. Great buy.
purchased to replace an old tablet to have around and for children. everyone likes it
This product is fun, but it does not understand a lot of your questions. It is not a user friend item. So it is limited to very few things it can do. For the money, it needs a lot of work. I was expecting more. But it is a toy to have.
This was my daughter first tablet. She loves it and it's amazing, for the price it can't be beat.
This is a great tablet for its price but before you buy it just know it doesn't come with google play services so chrome, YouTube, And the play store aren't official apps you can download.
Bought 2 Fire tablets so my boys would not be starng at their iPhones for games. They were thrilled!
i bought his for my son and he loves it it fits right in his hands and easy to navigate
The Echo is a very good addition to our home. Very easy to use, setup was a bit of challenge to get to my WiFi, but once I understood (I am 64), what it was trying to do, it went smooth and easy. We have had a few really good laughs as we put it through some paces, but really glad we made the purchase
great for watching movies in the teeny tiny airline seats! love it and Best Buy has great customer service
Only cost me $59 at Black Friday. Good deal. Way cheaper than an iPad of which I have several. This was for my young kids. The only knock I have has to do with the you tube kids app for this vs apple products. On apple, you tube kids allows you to speak your search. You only have the option to type the search in for this which is problematic for young children who cannot read or write
Great device to use when you want to work on small things that doesn;t require a computer. It's portable and is capable of streaming with out problem. Battery life seems to go quickly, but real quick to recharge
Nice reader, good screen, easy to use, and the camera is a nice bonus.
Wanted to have something larger than my cell phone and smaller than my laptop for internet access! Faster than either one of them!
Great to watch movies, TV shows on Netflix, Amazon & Kodi.
very convenient, perfect size and easy on the eyes. I never though I would stop reading paperbacks, but this makes reading a library of different books much more convenient.
The fire tv was easy to set-up. Neflx, amazon tv, sling, and hulu work great.
I have the Chromecast as well as the Amazon Fire Stick. The Fire TV is a nice upgrade with a good remote. I have read that the newer remote with the rubber buttons was not as good as the plastic buttons, but I have had no problems with it so far. The TV is faster than the stick and the voice search function is very convenient. Overall I am satisfied with the upgrade and even more so at the sale price.
I highly recommend this to everyone! Easy to use! Fills the room with music.
I love my amazon echo.. Dont know how i was able to live without it!! Cabt reccomend enough!
I like the Kindle Paperwhite. It's very convenient for me to read books and other study materials.The built-in backlight makes it simple to read at night! Like it!
Great tablet for young children. Parental locks so you can control what they see. A great deal of educational apps.
Bought the fire for my mother who is 72 to learn how to use a computer the price was right and she can use it to search the web
Great size, easy to use, long-lasting battery, great for the beach and pool side with the anti glare screen. Even able to read at night with the adjustable backlighting.
Bought the Alexa as a Christmas gift family and co-workers. They all have raved about Alexa being their "best friend". Unfortunately, I didn't get one for myself.
We originally had a Fire Stick (and still use it with another TV). Once we subscribed to Sling, it seemed like streaming became more unreliable - increased buffering. We made two purchases to improve the situation: a Fire TV and a Wi-Fi booster. The two together definitely remedied the streaming issue. But the increased video crispness I/we give all the credit to Fire TV.
I have had a Kindle Fire for years, but find I can't read it very well in the bright sun. I bought my Kindle paper white for camping and it's perfect out in the direct sun, by the pool. It's also smaller and fits it the pocket of my pool bag easier. Now one stays home, and one stays in the camper.
Bought this as an anniversary gift for my husband. So far he loves it. Our son has an Echo and hubby really likes it. Now to add accessories.
this is way over priced
The Fire 7 Tablet allows you to get a lot of free apps. It runs fast even with the amount of apps you have on there.
This is easily the best media player around. Solid hardware, blazing fast and snappy nice user interface and a ton of apps. Highly recommend
For a cheap starter tablet it's fine. Bought it to replace a cheaper kids tablet and it'll do for that.
I've purchased 5 within 3 months, amazing product. Have recommended it to all my family and friends.
Wonderful kindle, i have been reading a lot of things that I now can reach
Originally purchased the Echo for the novelty of it but now find it useful for many things. I have it connected to my Ecobee thermostat, LIFX smart lights and Harmony hub so I can control my A/C, lighting and TV. Can't wait for expanded integration to further enhance the experience.
I got a Fire Stick and have noticed that it was a mistake in not having waited for the Amazon Fire T.V. instead. The performance in this Fire T.V. is great. Performs faster and easier than its 1st (Fire Stick). Glad I got it.
Have had other products similar for the kids but this is the best by far. Best Buy had a great price too so decided to try it. Love it.
Love the back light, fast response to changing pages. The kindle voyage is lite.
Not the best tablet out there by Amazon, bt definitely worth the price. Can do all the basic functions of an android tablet. Great for media and entertainment purposes.
I enjoy using this basic but useful tablet. I have a standard smart phone, and I like using this Fire tablet at times to take advantage of the somewhat larger screen to read and review certain items. Photos and graphics appear clearly and with good color on the Fire tablet.
My elderly uncle is pleased to have his device. He's still not real sure about how to use it, but happy he has one.
Bought this for my two yr old and she loves it not to mention super durable.
A bit slow for some games, but for general browsing and reading it is more than satisfactory. I think it is great for its designed purpose
Didn't know how much I would like this but after trying to read on my tablet outside I decided to give this a shot. Love it, I can read in the sunlight or at night no problem, and the battery life is great
I transitioned from an unneeded iPad to this Kindle. The pages are incredibly clear, even during the day. However, you obviously cannot surf the web with this tablet. It's only for reading.
I bought this rather than a Kindle Fire as I was just looking to read and not use any apps.
I love reading books on my Kindle. I don't know why I waited so long to buy one. I also enjoy using it to check e-mail, Facebook, and Messenger,etc.
WAS A GIFT FOR A 91 YEAR OLD MAN, ONCE I SET IT UP HE LOVES IT. AND USES IT EVERY DAY.
Got this for my son for road trips and it's been an absolute charm.
Love this tablet! This is my second. Just couldn't beat the price!!
This product is wonderful and has great sound, but really does all the same functions as the dot. Would only buy this if your looking for a better speaker. Great for the kitchen and or a central location in the house.
Great tablet for the price. I got 2 for my kids and they love it
This is the best electronic that I have bought in a longtime I love Alexa by echo I can play Pandora, iheart radio, Amazon music etc... The sound is great and the voice control is a big plus
We had purchased these same tablets for our kids for Christmas and we really liked them. I like that they have kindle unlimited. I don't constantly have to buy books, like with my Nook. $10 a month for unlimited and I can read all the books I want
My kids like down games and play with. It is for young children if you dont want spent a lot of money
We are enjoying our new Echo and what Alexa can and cannot recognize.
This product is pretty spectacular when you have things to pair with it. I personally have HUE lights in several rooms in my house and the Echo pairs seamlessly with the HUE device, making controlling the lights via voice simple. The only touchy part with that is terminology you say to get the lights to turn on and off. I have only had my Echo for 2 weeks, so I am not an advanced Echo user by any means. However, this product seems to have endless capabilities and only developing more daily.My only problem came when trying to keep my Echo paired with my DISH box so I can control my TV with my voice. This feature seems to lose connectivity easily and has proven to be slightly difficult to re-pair after the initial pairing of the two devices. Other then that, the Echo has been a great addition to my home, and very user friendly.
I use it daily to check emails, social media and recipes.
I highly recommend this tablet! Awesome purchase. This is a great gift.
Purchased this for my nephew for Christmas. After reading reviews, I think this will be a good device for reading books and listening to music.
I bought it because it had great reviews yet was inexpensive. Worth every penny. The cases available r too pricey.
Works beautifully and I enjoy the product. My daughter loves it.
This is a really good device for those who want a cheep tablet
My daughter had the fire stick at her home when I went to visit her , I liked it So when I got back home I went and bought the fire tv box due to it having more memory, it works great
This box is better then the fire stick I can finally look at 4K movies with this box then I could look on the fire stick and it handles my internet very well which is 5.0ghz wifi no problem
Awesome for my child as she is 2 and was bought for learning programs
This Kindle Fire is a good deal at $49.99. I basically use it for Amazon purposes only, I have Prime so I stream music on it while I am in the kitchen cooking, I use it for recipes as well and, of course, to order from Amazon!
It's the one I was expected. Everything went great this time. Thank you best buy.
Good tablet for kids, only down side is the YouTube for kids app isn't available for the kindle fire
my brother still doesn't have a smart phone. i bought this device as an introduction to him to the Apple world. he loves it.
Very Happy with purchase. Only getting started....
My children love this. Cant beat the price. Need one more for myself.
Bought this to use Play Station Vue to replace Comcast cable. Cheaper and provides all the cable channels we usually watch. Seems to work great - glad I did it!
I love my Amazon fire. I purchased one for my 17 year ol and she uses it to view Netflix,Hulu and you tube. I shop,email, surf the net and pay bills with mine:-)I bought an extra and downloaded my fire1. Now I have a fire 1 and a fire 2. My fire 1, my husband uses, so for back up I have a fire 2. It takes nice pics as well. The fire will make a very nice gift for someone oh, don't forget your free books you can download!!
It was a gift for my little sister, she seems to love it and it does everything that she needs it to do. No problems so far
Ok tablet...decent size screen & graphics. Was hoping I could mirror my phone to it but it doesn't have miracast.
Great product and service. the amazon kindle was is perfect for reading
I bought myself a Kindle at Best Buy and loved it so much that I decided to buy one for my daughter. Great place to buy any electronics. Staff is knowledgeable, helpful and pleasant. I buy all me electronics at Best Buy. They have good deals and price matching.
Loved the item..great for my autistic stepson.he was very happy.
This tablet is quad core CPU and has plenty of space for you to download more apps.
The Amazon Echo is a fast-responding, voice-activated interface. It is a great personal assistant for some of the basics at home like managing a calendar, shopping lists, and trivia.
This is way to complicated for kids, my kid was frustrated trying to figure it out
Works just like it says it does. Would recomend this to anybody!
Works great, but don't like how you have to spell everything out.
This tablet is the best $50 I have ever spent. This tablet is worth so much more.
I have been watching the reviews online and checking with friends that have purchased the Echo to see how much they liked or disliked its features. Last person I talked to went on and on about all the things there were using it for and that persuaded me it was time and Amazon Prime Day was the perfect opportunity to go for it. Amazon did a fantastic job of creating this tubular info-taining command center! There are so many cool and awesome things its able to do that I'll hit the highlights that work for our household. First, we love that it follows your voice in the room (the circle lighting will show which direction it is 'listening'), the speaker is wonderfully balanced, so whether listening to music, the news or to Alexa speaking, I have nothing but high marks for its sound quality, given its size. Next, set up (after downloading the app to our iPhones) was quick, easy and very intuitive. The more you look over the app, the more you will realize a world of 'skills' that the unit is able to perform once they are turned on and you master the right sequence of keywords to initialize them. We've added things to shopping lists, while asking about the weather and our calendar of events and then asked Alexa to change the temp of our Nest thermostats in various parts of the house, simply by saying her name and then our commands, sometimes sitting in the living room or simply pass through - she is always there listening and ready. We've ordered some LED programmable lights and I can hardly wait for Alexa to help set the mood in the house, room to room, all from a simple voice request. Even though we are fairly tech savvy and have phone, tablets and watches that can control devices, its HUGE to just ask for something and a pleasant voice setting it in motion.I am a regular Amazon Prime shopper and reviewer, if my review helped you in making up your mind about whether to purchase the Echo, please mark the Helpful button, it tells Amazon that folks are in fact reading reviews like this. Thanks!
Bought this for my boyfriend, he LOVES it! He takes it on every trip we go on. It's so powerful for such a small speaker! I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
Bought for a Christmas present for family member, great value.
It's great for reading in bed or anywhere for that matter.
This thing is a disaster. Unless you are a child or have never used a tablet in your life, you are in for disappointment. They've blocked the Google store, so good luck downloading most of the games you like. Youtube? owned by Google, so again, can't download the app. You CAN get there with the web browser, but why should you have to? I tried to download 3 games-- NONE of which would even load. In short, I owned it less than 16 hours. Waste of my time. Save your money and buy a Samsung Galaxy Tablet.
I can read books, listen to books, go on facebook, shop, search the web almost anything on my brand new Kindle Fire!!
I bought this product for my 12 year old niece. She was extremely happy with it especially the camera feature. It is durable and easy to carry around. Great product!
This speaker is awesome but just wished if you ask it questions it knew more
Love it love it love it love it love it love it love it
I love it ! I use it every day for music, movies, and current events. The voice command remote is awesome. Cant wait to buy the video game controller for it to play first Gen. Nintendo games
I use this device to watch Playstation Vue and SlingTv, amazing device, it streams SlingTv more smoothly than my xbox one, also the quality of video hardly ever drops, if it does its my internet and not the device. Great for the price, 100% recommended.
Good tablet for kids 10+ . My wife uses it to read on long drives
Has what is necessary for the average individuals needs.
Not as smart as Google but it's nice. Wife is jealous
This is a great tablet with great features. I love my kindle.
I now have voice controlled home using my echo and smart devices! Listening to any song I like in seconds using my Amazon Prime is probably the thing I love the best! We put it in our kitchen which is central to our living space and echo picks up all of our commands from any room downstairs!
I was a little nervous at first to buy the Fire TV. I researched the main streaming services: Roku, AppleTV, and Amazon's stick and FireTV. Price wise for what I get-FireTV has pleased me. I can do anything (and a little more) with the FireTV. The picture is very clear and I even love the screen savers that pop up when I have left the room for a while. I am appreciating how I can connect my TV to my Amazon Echo. I CAN DO EVERYTHING HANDS FREE NOW. For the price and quality, it doesn't get much better than this.
I've never had a tablet, I-phone, Smartphone . . . Nothing but PCs. This is my first foray into these modern electronics. I must say that, while I still find it very nerve-wracking, this Amazon Fire Tablet has been pretty user-friendly for an old man like me. I'm learning something new about it every day.
Bought this tablet for kids. Great price for what you get. Not as nice as the 7" HD but price is right. Quick and responsive, would recommend for anyone looking for a tablet for child use. Parent controls are a nice touch.
Great price. Bottom of device has shadows where the lights are that is a little annoying. Not sure why they can't avoid this. Doesn't interfere with the reading experience.
Great for reading books and the kids app is great. My 5 year old loves it
I bought both the dot and full sized echo, this has incredible sound! It is also very handy for checking the weather/morning commute and using it in the kitchen (timers, recipes, etc)
So many improvements over previous models. Love the new page turn feature.
excellent product I would buy all mu grand kids one
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
Bought the tablets for my kids. The tablet isn't really friendly for them. The home pages try to take you to amazon stuff only and when they download games it's kind of hard to find them. Battery life can't hold up to a 5yr old. He runs it dead quicker then it can charge.
great product. I have 4 android fire TV boxes in my house. I love it. easy to setup
Got it for daughter Christmas they love it, I haven't figured out how to run it yet.
The screen is vibrant and clear. It is fast and doesn't lag when going onto different sites. If you have Amazon Prime this is the tablet for you as it gives you access to unlimited, music, movies, and tv. Awesome purchase!
i got one for my mom she's 90 years young and she sits and listens to it all day, she;s got the amazon tap i got my draugther the dot and i got my self another tap. i just found out you can put the tap on hands free and you dont have to tap the button this made it even better. my grand kids love playing ganes with alexa. like i said every household need one
The tablet was reasonably priced it worked well, but I don't like how you have to register with Amazon..
Awesome tablet. Good for reading and portable to bring all around.
I absolutely love my fire tv. it works so well and offers so many different things to watch. I will never need cable again. it loads fast and I would recommend these to anyone who will listen!
Not only did my daughter in law love it I was able to experience convenience of having it shipped!
I was traveling and wanted a tablet to fit in my purse. This is perfect for me. I can look at my emails, facebook, do my banking and read the local papers, also kept up on all events in the area I traveled. I love it and so happy I purchased it!!
I absolutely love this. I thought I wouldn't like it as much as holding a book, but I love it and it's wonderful for nighttime reading, and beach reading as well. Plus I can have a few books without carrying a ton.
I enjoy the kindle fire but it is not meant for heavy lifting. Good for reading books and web searching but Amazon App store doesnt have many of the normal apps found in Google Play or Apple App Store. Great value for the price however
I purchased this as a gift after using this at another home. I have also tried similar products and I feel that this has the most interactive user interface. It continually is learning and has good sound quality for what we use it for.
Perfect for light surfing and reading. Don't expect much for this price range.
The Amazon echo is great. We use it to listen to music every day.
I think it's a great tablet and it's great for the price
highly recommend this product to all book lovers...
got as a gift. Might not have got for my self- but love it and glad I had a birthday - lol
I have a kindle fire, but I wanted something that was less of a strain on my eyes.I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It is simple and easy and I'm able to use my fire as a tablet!
Great for streaming movies and music to your Smart TV!! Especially if you have Amazon Prime.
This is a very responsive device for the amount paid
I used this primarily as a Bluetooth speaker. It's good
This item was very easy to use from the very beginning and was very responsive to my request and commands. I like the fact that you can also add other items to work with it
Great product. An excellent alternative to the much more expensive Apple Tv. Gives you the option to display 4k context (Netflix) wich current version of Apple Tv does not allows you to do. I bought so that I can have the SlingBox app wich you can not get with Apple Tv, Sony Android TV, LG OS, or Sony Playstation 4.Great product. Highly Recommended.
I was originally paranoid of these always listening devices but then I discovered what could be done with home automation and I was hooked. I now have 3 echos, an echo dot, and 3 dash wands. I can control my lights and tv now with my voice! The echo sounds fantastic playing music as well. Really cool devices.
It's fantastic! All my photo albums, movie purchases, Amazon prime movies in one place.
My grandson love this tablet alot of great games and learning activities.
Got this for my grandmother and she absolutely loves it.
The product was for my daughter, she loves it, and plays with it all of the time.
I love, love, love my Amazon Echo it is the perfect companion for my smart home.
We like this product. I would definitely recommend this product.
A Christmas gift for my granddaughter. It was a big hit!
I have had a paperwhite kindle before and I wore it out. I love the paperwhite so much I bought another one. its my 3rd kindle. loved them all. no better way then to read with the paperwhite and not bother your bed mate.
I recently purchased the Amazon Fire TV for use in a spare room. I subscribe to various platforms including Netflix and Playstation Vue. Although I am on a wireless connection, playback has been smooth, with almost no glitches. Not to mention, the picture quality has been superb (this can vary depending on the bandwidth of your internet connection). Setup was a breeze and it is very intuitive; so much so, that my 9 year old can use it with no problems (and after applying parental controls of course).
Just as advertised. Bought two units for different areas.
Its good for going on the internet and doing minor things. Some of the pictures on the internet have been enlarged to look out of focus.
Functions as its supposed to good deal. Great item for ur tv and a great goft for my dad
I haven't had any trouble reading at the beach or the pool. It's easy to use and travels great!
Tablet had trouble from the begging it kept restarting and rebooting I had to return it.
My diss love their tablets. We had tried another brand but Kept having problems. Have not had any probls with these.
It is a great tablet believe it or not it is also great for kids use parental controls.
Don't care for the ads on this. But for the price its good. Ads can be removed for 15 bucks through Amazon.
The kindle was great, however the cover does not fitThat is my fault, must have ordered the wrong one. To expense to return.Service was great and can't say enough about the Prime. Even delivered on Sunday! Now that's service.
Exactly what I needed for my hand daughter. She loves it and leaves mine alone.
the only bad thing I could come up with would be the battery doesn't last that long. otherwise this tablet is great for the money does everything an apple does and can add to the memory witch is fantastic.
We bought to give away at a Halloween party. We own them ourselves and they are awesome
This was a great gift for any teenager you have access to a great library.
Excellent Product & Highly recommended. Excellent!
Perfect for emailing and reading books online. Battery lasts a long tine.
Great item.... good addition to home and family. Recommended for everyone!
This is an upgrade tablet from my first Kindle Fire that I purchased 5 years ago. Love the larger screen the quick processing and downloads, the great HD visuals, and most importantly all of my previous pictures and music files were easily transferred/accessed by this new device. Love that this Fire has a front and rear camer too, my old Fire only had a front facing camera. Granted this is not an iPad, but I don't want or need all an iPad does. And I definitely don't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a device just because it is cool. My Fire tablet does everything I need or want and it costed under $99.00. I am one satisfied and pleased customer.
Overall I'm happy with this device (generation 2 )
Was using the fire stick, but they get hot and loose performance. The Fire Tv is faster and so far has had no problems what so ever. It's a little pricey, but you can watch all your internet shows with out interruptions. This unit came with voice commands.
It's so easy to use and is a lot of fun to have. Alexa has become part of our house and family
This is a great product and use and connectivity are simple. Works well with my internet and TV....gives my smart TV an IQ boost..
I upgraded my mother's 3rd generation Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7" to this new one and she likes the display being bigger to 8" and is much faster.
Great for browsing, streaming and everyday web usage
Alexa is amazing my whole family has a new buddy to ask questions to
This unit can tell you past, present and some future things and in an instant too!
Was waited on pretty fast. Shown what I needed and explained the features and warranty. All in all a great experience
I bought this to replace my Nook reader, $50 for a Fire vs $140 for a new Nook was a no brainer. I had to use Calibre to convert some epub books to mobile format on the Fire, but that was easy. The ability to use WiFi to check email, surf the web, it's miles ahead of the black and white Nook.
If you dont need the voice activation of Alexa, or want a smaller footprint and something that you can take with you, consider the Tap. Almost all of the functionality of Alexa, but in a smaller ( and less expensive ) version.Great room filling sound with out the distortion from some of the cheaper alternatives.
I am on my 3rd Kindle. This software downloads new purchases with a picture of the cover of the book on my homepage. Only about a fifth of the available space. So this would only allow you to buy at most four books at a time before the covers would be too small. The new books should be downloaded to my Library in List Form as in the original Kindle. In addition, once you have looked at a book in the homepage, it disappears and you have to search for it or place it in a category. Finally, this system disallows you from manipulating books the way you want. This OS is definitely NOT USER FRIENDLY. It requires a great deal of effort of the user. A lot of wasted data space and waste of time. I am requesting a return to the original Kindle OS.
She can put items you need onto your grocery list. You can asss things to your to do list. She can tell jokes, facts, read books, find music, and more
Fantastic, better response then SIRIAmazon Prime account gives you complete control
Bought for my nephew for Christmas. I'm sure he will enjoying watching movies, reading books, and listening to music.
Excellent buy as a gift for the young man it was purchased for.
I bought this for my 8 year olds birthday. It is perfect and all 4 kids have their own profile so there is no fighting. The parental controls are awesome, we set daily limits for them, but then they want to share with each other when one is done with their time. We love it.
Nice tablet and very fast/capable. The storage options are way better than the previous models. I would highly recommend this tablet to anyone in the market for one.
Works good just miss google play store. Nose resolution and speed
I have been enjoying using my Amazon Echo. It is very satisfying.
A friend had purchased this Kindle and I was really impressed with the ease of use and how easy it was to borrow books from the library and read it on this Kindle. It was easy on the eyes and quite handy to hold and transport.
The price is right for a kid's tablet. If they break it, I won't be very mad. It's easy to set parental controls too.
The Echo is the coolest tech in my home! With "Alexa" there to answer all questions, play music and read books....the possibilities are endless. Just check it out!
Purchased for the grandkids to use while they are visiting. They never seem to get bored.Tip. Make sure you have it password protected or you may find a rapid run up in charges!
My special needs 8 yr old has gone through two ipads at $200.00 each. The Amazon Fire Kids Edition is such a better option. It is loaded with thousands of appropriate options for games and movies without having to download or pay for individual apps. I can even use it in adult mode. I'm very happy with this purchase and highly highly recommend it.
The price is really attractive, and kindle is good to use.
Love this Kindle. It's a great value for the price.
I got this tablet for an 8 year old who only plays video games after her homework or on the weekends and it works prefectly fine for that purpose. I never tried to push it to its likits and see how good it could be for an adult. But she hasnt given menone complaint.
I have an iPad but for reading without having being bombarded with interruptions this is way better. I use it both in and outdoors and couldn't be happier!!!!
I have not had time to set everything up yet. My granddaughter is enjoying hers! My daughter had an issue when she first set it up, all her books downloaded onto the new one and took up most of her space. I do believe that has been resolved.
Tablet is great for kids and adult use. I purchased the tablet to use at school with students with disabilities. The tablet holds up well holds a charge throughout the week. The tablet offers games that do not require Wi-Fi or data. If you have a prime membership there are a lot of benefits when using the fire, for example free apps, free streaming movies & music, etc.
This tab is great for kids and parents alike. I recommend this product to others.
I buy kindle fires for my grandchildren. They are between the ages of 6 to 10 years old. They seem kid friendly and easy to use.
We already have an echo so I didn't think we needed the tap and procrastinated getting it. Now we use it everyday -- mostly to stream Amazon prime, TuneIn, or Pandora channels.It is funny how the latest technology sometimes brings us back to where we were when I was a kid -- having a "beat box" to carry around room to room and outside. We use the tap as a 2016 version of a "beat box" that is much smaller, rechargeable, and way easier to tune! And with side benefits of controlling our lights, HVAC, and with Alexa onboard ready to answer the random trivia questions.The sound quality could be a bit better, but surprisingly good. Adjusting the volume isn't as easy as it should be. The battery lasts a long time and its a snap to use a bluetooth speaker as well.
Easy to use, ton of cool kids features, awesome price
Amazon echo is an amazing device, and turns my house into a smart home as I use my voice for various commands like switching on lights, controlling window blinds, just to name a few. Buying this device is a no brainer!
Fire TV works even better than the Fire Stick. Very fast, smooth with little to no buffering.
In bundle, happy!
Echo is a very interesting product. So far I just use it for listening to music. I ask it to play my old records from when was much younger. So far she knows them all.
So this is now hooked up to the Hue Lights and makes things a bit easier. Down side is now want to hook-up the apple tv/roku/tv etc and looking for an easy way to connect all these.Sound is good.Easy to installquick to train
Works great. Love the size. Loved the price. Use mostly as a reader, but nice to be able to surf the net.
I purchased the Amazon Echo for my boyfriend as a birthday gift and he absolutely loved it. He uses it for everything from news, weather to recipes and music. It's perfect for in the kitchen or living room. It also can be programmed for various things, it's awesome!
Look was good and very comfortable for reading. If allowed to install android store that would be really awesome.
This is my second paperwhite kindle & I can't imagine not having one with me all the time.
This is my second Kindle. The improvements over the older generation Kindles is huge. This Kindle is thin and light, I put it in my pocketbook and take it all over. The backlight is handy when needed. The screen clarity is excellent. Great device.
Device is preloaded with many friendly apps that are easy to use.
Clear voice recognition. Works with other devices other then amazon, interconnects well and easy. Regularly expanding support for new features. Fun to use. Decent speaker, plug in and leave as easy to use. .
There doesn't seem to be much for 4K programs. Hopefully more to come.
Love the Fire TV!!! Can tell the difference in load time and changing menus. Would recommend this to criends and family.
Works the way it should. However I am baffled that there is no way to set up recurring reminders (aka take pills, etc).
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. I also like that I can control acess and get emailed copy of all apps she dowloads
Pros: 5 Ghz wifi, supports expansion cardsCons: app store a little limited though there is apparently a workaround Other: the ads fed from Amazon are not terribly intrusiveOverall, the tablet seems to work well and is a good value,
Purchased as gifts & have not heard of any defects
Great Tablet for the price. Its very good for beginner.
As promised, thank you very much!
Love it. I am reading all the time now! And I never used to read so much.
Love the simplicity. Also love that I use it for reading only and can't download distracting apps.
Bought the Kindle Voyage and it had a yellow tint on the top half. Found out later this is a defect on most. Also, the auto light part I didn't like. Much happier with this, and it's cheaper.
Was purchased for a child. Works well and provides basic functions that were needed
Great size, easy to carry for traveling. Need to spend more time Looking into apps for contact manegement, interactive calenders and most important, music storage and use.
My second one and works better than the first one.
Amazon Echo does a lot of things. Keeps todo and shopping lists for you. Plays music just by asking. Keeps your schedule (using Google Calendar), has some great games, including trivia games. I would buy it again in a second.
This tablet is really good, very much user friendly.
I brought the tablet for my 9 year old son it's great for the kids can play lots of games download apps get on you tube ect but I don't like the fact every now and then it makes this weird sound and the screen blanks out and I have to turn the tablet off in order for it to work again.
I debated on what tablet/reader to buy and decided on the fire! I have been very pleased with it. Bought it on sale, what a great price!
The tablet is great for what is being used for gan
I thought it would be good for my 2year old he does awesome on a iPad but could not get the hang of the kindle fire
The Amazon Echo is very simple to setup. We found the shopping list alone was enough justification for purchasing the device. Reading news and Kindle books are two of the options we use daily. Lots of potential for future uses.
I love that this is a real adult tablet with kids programming installed. Biggest downfall is that my son has trouble switching from app to app, otherwise I'd give it 5 stars. The pull up menu eat the bottom isn't very responsive to his little hands.
Does as advertised, good product and reliable A+++
My kids use it for playing games only. Memory is too limited. If you want to expand memory you have to buy special memory card from Amazon. Regular cards won't work. I'll like the app free time to help protect the kids from what they watch and play but it is difficult and time consuming to get updates for the games they play. Amazon does not have the best user friendly software for their tablets. They do what we get it for, entertain the kids for awhile.
Easy to setup and use. The content is very clear. Connect to wireless or Ethernet and off to the races.
Love the Echo! Hands free!! Just tell Alexa what song you want to hear. We have ours in the kitchen and call out songs while cooking and eating. Turn on lights, change the thermostat, and even order a pizza to be delivered. Gotta' have this gadget!!!
Great speakers for such a small item. I am enjoying learning and testing Amazon Echo...and Alexa...who is a lot better than Seri !!!!
Good tablet durable lots of apps just right for 3 year old
This was purchased as a Christmas present for my aunt who lives with us. For the price, I thought it would be a good option for her since she doesn't want to drop the cash on an iPad.For comparison, the closest thing I have is an 8" insignia tablet with similar screen resolution, storage, and features that was released at the same time. The Fire tablet impresses me! It is more responsive than the existing android tablet I have.This tablet runs FireOS which is Amazon's customized version of Android. Typically I do not like custom Android, preferring to have as close to a vanilla system as possible. I am not bothered by that with the Fire. If you need them the parental controls are second to none! The Amazon app store is extensive, although not as extensive as the Google Play store. Still you should be able to find pretty much everything you need there.This is not a flagship device, but performs incredibly for the price. I will most likely be purchasing one soon for myself.
This is a great alternative to cable/box. Saves $.
I really love the fire TV. I use it all of the time. If I'm not using it my kids are using it. Great for all ages!
In the two weeks that we've had the echo we have put it to a number of uses and have hooked it up two are Samsung SmartThings home automation system. It takes some tuning And learning to understand what works, but it does work reasonably well interpreting what you are saying as long as the environment is not too noisy. It's very convenient to be able to put on music
Blazing fast and ready to go if you are an Amazon fanatic. All I had to do was link it to my wifi and my account - and DONE!
Works awesome!! I would recommend getting one fast!!
My mom likes to read...a lot. Set up was a snap, and she was off and reading in no time! She also enjoys the many functions of such an inexpensive tablet!
Just does what it is supposed to do, Put together well and should hold up for years.
I bought three and everyone loved it. It was a pain in the neck to set up with the wifi more than a handful of times. I had to look up in the net and resolve the issue. I learned, I needed to change the password for it. On occasion wifi needs to be rebooted. But, all in all, when is not having issues connecting, it is a wonderful product! You just have to be patient at times.
this product is really awesome for kids to play in all sorts.We can use a strong case and let kids play in it .
Bought as Christmas gift. She loves it. Small, light, fast, great selection of apps. Plus you can't go wrong with the warranty.
Great tablet, only thing I would add would be a camera. My daughter loves it!
Very helpful enjoy asking Alexa questions on history each day
This is an OK device, decent speaker for casual listening. The voice recognition is not good though. When you have to yell and repeat commands over and over it gets frustrating.
The kindle fire 10 is a major upgrade from the original fire. My kids, 8 and 11, referred to it as an IPad when it was first received.
I like this device. Able to coordinate the family calendar.Great for music, news and e-books. Will be setting up some automation i.e. sprinklers and lights. Ordered my first pizza yesterday and created a shopping list while calling ou items with my head in the fridge. Ver esy to set up. Give 4 stars because the device and technology is still growing.With more stuff added this will be a 5. Dad came over and played with it... so I bought him one as well.
great and easy to use budget tablet for 35 when I purchased it. Get one
Love the echo. Great for listening to music and quick information
The purchase was primarily for my husband who is technology-challenged. He can now listen to the music he wants, when he wants. He is still experimenting with asking questions. You do have to be careful when talking about Alexa, because she will respond to your conversation.
Nice gift for the grandson. He will get much use of it! It was nice that it was available in different colors so that he could tell his apart from his sister's.Nice size for traveling with.
I had the original Kindle and just decided to upgrade. It is a very functional and easy to use.
It has a good sound. The battery last long and it connects easily to WiFi and blue tooth. But you have to touch a button before you speak to it.
As an Amazon Prime media consumption device it can not be beat for the price. If you are not a Prime member don't bother. Put the fifty bucks toward an iPad which can't be topped for a media device.
8 years old daughter is happy with this tables,work very well with wifi and is easy to download app.
Very pleased.Affordable price.Great buy.easy to manage.
I gave this as a gift. The person that received it hasn't said anything about being unhappy with it.
Text is very easy to read and downloading new books couldn't be easier. Definitely recommend this product!
Purchased this for a family member and they love it.
got it to play games or get info when waiting at dr app
Awesome tablet for kids, they love it. Would recommend it to anyone
The Amazon Echo is wonderful It has great tone. It can do so many things. It can be a timer, a sleep timer, play music, games, give information and is compatible with smart devices for the house such as lights etc. This is the third "Echo" product we have. We have 2 Echo Dots that we also like. I highly recommend this product and also for smaller spaces the Echo Dot.
We got this for the kids grandmother to keep her occupied and it's doing a great job at it! She has NO complaints and enjoys it
My mom loves it. It gives her the very limited internet access she chooses and it's compact to go in her purse!
It works but it takes a while to do anything. But for the price, it's good enough for the kids.
I purchased this for my mom for Easter - her eye sight isn't as good as it use to be but she loved to play games on her phone. So this is bigger for her to play her games and for 80 years young she is doing great with it.
It was doing a great job charging my kindle, but now it takes almost all day to charge.
Great tablet, fast & reliable. Only downfall is having to pay to remove adds.
The Kindle is like carrying a library in your backpocket. It is fantastic. I carry it everywhere.
Bought for my husbands birthday but I really wanted for my self. It's fantastic!
Ergonomic and easy to get new books. My house is full of books and I need to quit stockpiling them. And I can't remember what I read years ago. This device helps.
I bought this for my mom for Christmas. It was easy to set up, has a great sound, and works great.
I like the echo, don't love it. It is really hard to remember what skills you have enabled, and how to ask questions related to the skills!!
Bought a second Kindle so my wife would stop using mine. Outstanding product.. Easy to download books and the book prices are reasonable.
Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Works great. She's dropped it several times and it just keeps on working! No issues at all.
Great gift for those who read and also enjoy Youtube
It is great for a bigger picture but runs really slow.
The Fire tablet is great, we just bought our second. It's screen is pleanty big enough to see, but small enough to fit in my jacket pocket.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son and he absolutely loves it, he continues to enjoy reading while at home or traveling!
I have five iPads and they work well but they cost hundreds more then the Fire. The Fire is fast ,very good battery life, the screen is great and is very easy to learn. It is not a iPad but I use it more than I use my iPad. Small ,easy to hold and read. I can't say anything bad about it. Works very well and I like it very much. Also I bought three more of them for my grandkids to play with and they like there's also, PS they also have iPads but use the fire more.
I love it! I'm a senior and was able to set it up and get library books without help.
Easy to use tablet for every day use. Additional apps can help increase productivity for work and daily use.
I love using Alexa. She will play music when asked, plays games, answers questions and starts my day with a good morning and ends each evening with a good night!
Perfect tablet, such a great price would totally recommend
Excellent purchase, recommended to all my friends, and purchased another on for my other TV.
I purchased this kindle on black friday for $60.it works very well as a reader and tablet. It has good battery life and silk is a decent option for a browser. I also side loaded the nook apponto this kindle. It works as well here as it does on my nookereader.
This is a great tablet because of all the preloaded games and ability to add more for free. It keeps my kids entertained and is the best for learning.
I bought a kindle fire. It serves my purpose of reading pdf files.
I will be buying another Amazon Fire in Feb. for my granddaughter for her birthday.
Using it in the kitchen mainly. It has good sound, works excellent as a cooking timer. Also alarm for certain events thruout the day. Nice music source.
Charger broke. Just what I needed to replace my broken charger
Good product!
We have both apple and Amazon. The Amazon has many more features and apps than Apple.
Got this tablet for my 3 year old son and he can not put it down. It is so much to do. So many learning games. I love this product
It was a gift. I have been told that they are enjoying it.
I love my Kindle Fire!!! Except for making telephone calls I can do so much. I specifically purchased my Fire because I knew I was going to be in the hospital for awhile. I am now reading my 3rd EBook that I borrowed from my local library.
The Amazon Echo is a great product. It was easy to set up. The speaker produces excellent sound.
We bought this tablet primarily to use the kindle reader. The layout is muddy and things are a bit hard to navigate. Once you figure it out, it isn't bad. Not an iPad, obviously, but definitely worth the low price.
Tablet was easy to setup and use, bought for kids and they absolutely love it.
I was intrigued by this device and wanted to give it a try. I also have the Bose sound link mini and have to say the sound quality for music is better on the Bose if music is the sole reason for your purchase. For information and requesting a quick song or radio station, this thing rocks. You have to take time letting Alexa learn your voice but overall, the voice recognition is much better than Siri. My one complaint is that it doesn't sync with my Apple Calendar. Come on Amazon, cut a deal with Apple! Anyway, I give this a thumbs up and a 4 star rating. Get one. You won't have buyer's remorse.
I bought two kindle fires for my kids and I am thinking about purchasing a third one. I love the micro SD slot and the response of it is great. We have owned them for almost a month now nd is flawless. You can't beat the price anywhere.
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas present and he loves it he's on it all the time it also teaches him to read and a lot of other things he has games on it and he would be on it 24 hours a day if we would let him
I enjoy reading on this kindle. It is easier on the eyes then my iPad for reading.
Bought this on Deal of the Day which surprised me since it is new to Best Buy. Just push the button and ask "her" to do something such as play favorite radio station or music from play list. Have "her" set timers and alarms to wake by. I haven't used half of the features of TAP. The sound is amazingly great for such a small device.
just getting this kindle figured out. so far I like what I see.
Very easy to set up and use. No issues very simple
Purchased this for my 83 year old mother to primarily use as an e-reader. It seems as this may be easier for her to see than an actual book. She does not always find new technology easy to use, but seems to be doing ok with this tablet. She also is using it to play solitaire and possibly some other games.
Purchased for grandchildren and they love it. They are five years old.
Bought 3 PS4 games for a great price. And I just love my fire tablet
It ended up being the most popular gift that she got it does a wonderful job for children
Was used as a gift. Receiver said was delighted and would begin using immediately.
Great Kindle, the only complaint I have so far is that it does NOT have a charging light, so that you know when it is charging, or when it is fully charged.
This tablet is excellent! I'm able to download books, watch hulu and Netflix, as well as play games. Overall a wonderful product!
Kindle Fire HD8 is an upgrade for me from Kindle Fire 7. It has many more features and is very easy to navigate.
IT WORKED AS EXPECTED, WHAT MORE CAN I SAY ABOUT A USB DEVICE
I was skeptical about buying the Fire at first because I didn't think I'd like it as much as a good old fashioned book, but books are expensive if you read as much and as fast as I do, so I caved and bought it. I am in love! It's super light weight and easy to navigate and I love that it has night settings to protect your eyes from the screen brightness. You also can use all of your social media and other apps on the tablet which is a major plus.
It may not be a speed demon, but this tablet runs very well and the Fire OS is easy to navigate and use. I'm taking off one star due to some annoying limitations like the fact that the OS makes you use its own browser at all times, but overall it's a smart buy if you want to test a tablet out!
This is a great product! Alexa is always available to answer my questions, play my music & control smart devices in my home.
Was unable to get to google docs on this one even though the sales person said we would be able to. My Granddaughter needed this for school & it did not allow you to get to google docs.
Works great, easy hook up. .competitive price. very satisfied.
I loooooove Alexa tower. It is so convenient & so easy to use! This item is continuously improving & updating all without any inconvenience to me & with my very busy and demanding schedule, I need all the help I can get!
Santa brought this for my 8 almost 9 year old for Christmas. Santa would have rather brought her an Apple but cost for one is too crazy to spend on one child so this was a good alternative and she loves it! She mainly uses it for games and YouTube videos. I think the graphics are great for someone her age. Great starter for children,
The Fire HD 8 is the perfect size EReader. Big enough to see the text but small enough to hold comfortably.
Seems to work well. Screen quality is good. Like the size.
I bought this for myself for Christmas and we've been using it listening to holiday favorites station it is very nice and it sounds great
The box works great it was a great buy. I'm able to watch some great movies
Has a faster processor than the firestick and has the ability for expandable memory. Works great.
Amazon's Echo is quite amazing. Always responds accurately. Great sound from its speakers.
I got it just for reading text books...great for readin
It has a great screen, you can add more memory with a micro SD card. This little fire is as powerful as pricy tablets.
This is a great device is you are to read a lot of text.
Love my new kindle bought it to replace a 7 inch and I love it.
So far I'm enjoying it but I do miss my wireless headset receiver on the Roku 3 remote remote.I switched because im able to put Kodi on the Fire TV, you cannot on Roku 3
I looked at the reviews and they varied greatly. I didn't want an electric sharpener, so my choices were very limited. This pencil sharpener is adequate and suits my needs because I don't use pencils very often, but it is very slow and sounds like it's straining.
Everyone of my siblings & my parents have 1 & we all love it!
I just love my kindle fire but it's a little heavy to carry with me. That's why I wanted to buy the kindle paperwhite. It's light weight so it fits nicely in my purse or my work bag.I just love the no glare, I'm able to read at night or outside, at work on lunch break. It's great glad I did buy it. Worth every penny.
Works great, good value. Only problem is display is not bright enough when outside.
It is so nice to have all these streaming services in one box, and the voice command feature works great! Smooth UI with no lag, especially compared to it's little brother, the Fire Stick. My only complaint is that there is no 4K Resolution support.
Bought for a friend and he loves it. Using it to record notes for school, surfing the net and listening to music.
I liked this item so much that I purchased 2 more as Xmas presents.
Bought two for my grandkids, a 10 year old boy. He does a lot of AR reading on this kindle fire tablet for school. As well as play games. He loves it and his parents are pleased with his eagerness to read.
The Kindle hasn't been used much yet, however, it appears that all family members interested in various options available...music, games, internet, books, etc.
Great for little kids who have a problem with breaking stuff.
So far, I have used my Echo as a Bluetooth speaker. I have not interact with the device with my Amazon account (turning it off when not being use as a speaker).
Bought two of these for both of my kids. They absolutely love them!!!
I've had amazon tablets in the past and this is the far worst I've bought. It was slow, drained the battery, kicking me out of the apps all the time.
You can't beat it for the money. Really cool tablet !
I was looking to buy a tablet mostly to connect to my speakers to play music. I found the perfect one for a great price. It has many capacities as well such as the camera. All the apps you could ever want are on this amazon tablet as well. I would recommend to anyone trying to buy a small tablet.
This is the second Kindle I've purchased, and I love my Kindle! What I don't like is that every time a device is "upgraded," the upgrades are annoying. On this Kindle, the "home" page is changed - it lists My Reading List and My Library. So you have to press My Library to choose a new book. Then it's a list of the books. Why couldn't they just leave the home page showing the small pictures of the books you bought? I have no idea what My Reading List is - it lists books I've never heard of, by authors and topics of which I have no interest. Still, I would recommend a Kindle to anyone who reads books. The screen is easy to read, you can make the fonts bigger or smaller. I don't feel the battery lasts any longer than my old one did, but it's easy to charge. It's thin and lightweight, and I pretty much carry my Kindle wherever I go. Anyone who buys a Kindle will definitely NOT be disappointed!!!
still learning new things about my tablet. very easy to use.. perfect size.
My daughter loves it and IRS a good and easy size to travel with too
There are a few things that needs correcting but overall I love it.
Amazon Alexa is the hottest new electronics product out there and for good reason. We are using it daily and haven't begun to tap its full potential applications.
Great for Netflix and YouTube videos for the kids. Durable and easy to tote around. Great product!
What a delight, this Kindle is easy to use and is a very high quality item. I can read for hours with no eye strain.
The Echo is fun and informative, it is also easy to use. & it hears my voice from anywhere in the room.
I haven't put my Fire Tablet down since I got it at Christmas time on sale. Got one for my wife and niece.
And now I say cheap but not in the pejorative sense. Good price and with great functionality. Many uses. Reading. Surfing the web. Games. Love it all.
Really great love tge tablet really easy for my daughter, learning! I do wish it had more storage, and more items for kids. But we do love the tablet.
Bought the Amazon - Echo - Black as a gift. It was easy to connect to our WY-FI. It knows answers to the questions you ask.
If you are a Prime member and use Kindle for reading, this a great tablet. I wish there were more apps made to work in the Fire tablet, like NFL Mobile and NFL Fantasy.
The Fire tablets are taking the market by storm, Black Friday prices were hard to pass up.
We purchased these for our younger kids (ages 5 & 7) so they could play games and read. Perfect size and they love them! The only negative is that the charging port is very fragile.
The Echo is a really nice to have item. My wife bought one for me for my birthday last year and I bought another for our bedroom.
Best smart gadget to have at home. Works with my smart things and Philips hue!
this is best box I ever buy to watch movies and tv shows
I've only had to charge my Kindle one time so far. It works well.
Proved to be an excellent Christmas gift for both grandkids. They love it
Gave this to my 6 year old. Not a big fan of the Amazon app for purchasing and downloading apps, but other then that he has no problems with it.
This was a good product for the money. Easy to set up and do things on.
Everyone in the family can enjoy asking Alexa questions. Where it doesn't know everything it does seem to get better. The skills available are fairly diverse and useful. This is a good place to start if you are interested in having a smart home. I bought the echo and the dot with the battery pack.
purchased this as a christmas gift for our son in law. he loved it and works well. great sound and loves the portability of the unit.
Bought it for my niece who is autistic and she loves it . works great and easy to use.
Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.
A great product for cord cutters!!! Works like a charm.
I bought this tablet for my 9 year old sister as a birthday present. It is decent but not as good as other tablets on the market. I recommend it for first time users or light tablet users.
Great to take with me when I need alone time to just surf and read.
I have been wanting to get a Kindle for my children and happened to see this at Best Buy. Couldn't pass up a fantastic Kindle at a great price.
It is a cheap tablet. It is not for you but a very good option for little kids
Nice to review photos on mini sd card but, disappointed that photos can't be downloaded to the hard drive. Better camera with ability to see what you are taking pictures rather than 3rd generation which only has only one camera lens.
It's more for fun, We use it for shopping lists and music mostly. Would love to get my whole house on for lighting.
I bought this Tablet for my son and he loves it. The pictures are clear and the battery charge holds a long time. Excellent Tablet for the low price.
Very easy to use/navigate. User-friendly interface. Only con is that it's a bit sluggish for the avid user, which was just improved in the 3rd generation of the Fire Stick (better processor).
Very good product. Portable and easy use. User friendly.
Gave the Amazon Echo for my grandson for Christmas. He is still excited about all of its features. He talks about how good it is and want it does all the time.
I bought 3 of these. They are great and very durable . . The price is amazing .
I thoroughly enjoy this table! Easy to operate, plenty of memory, and I can use it for anything that I typically use a computer for.
It will take some time to get familiar with alexa's features. I'll get back with you later
Grandkids love it. Got a great price. Bought as a replacement for their broken samsung.
Great product! Definitely buy this brand first!!!!!
Extremely easy to set up using the Alexa app on your phone. Outstanding voice recognition. Was able to be in a different room of my house and still be able to command it. Great speaker quality as well!
This was a great purchase. Bought for my son for his birthday and the whole family loves it!
As a previous several Kindle device owner I read a lot of reviews, many of them put the Voyage above it for various reasons, mainly price, or battery charging. But, after reading the pros and cons of both I still decided the Oasis was the direction I wanted to go, I could always return it and get the Voyage after all if I didn't like it. It's light, very well lit, comfortable to hold both in the case and out of it. The buttons improve the page turning experience, I see no dark areas on my screed from the LED lights, it holds a great battery charge (true not as good as my previous Kindle, but I still generally get around 3 weeks between charges), and it looks absolutely beautiful. I am very happy with this purchases and am glad I purchased the Oasis over the Voyage. It's expensive, and that's the major con, but if you want the best reading device this is it and worth it if you read enough.
The paperwhite is everything that I expected and more, it replaces my first Kindle.
Used a promotion to buy this from Bestbuy, little did I know that it would be the hottest gift this Christmas season. It was out of stock from amazon for nearly a month. Very easy to set up and the sound is very clear and quite loud for its size. Lots of things you can control and the list is growing.
As expected. i would suggest to get a cover. The dictionary is very easy to use.
Got it for 35 on BF.. the tablet is very good ..the processing speed and eveything. The only bummer is Camera but dont use it much
Works fine for a $50 basic tablet/reader. Other functions, not so great. Very entry level.
Love this tablet bought 4 for my kids and myself and play games and read on these!
Purchased for a gift and she enjoys using it daily.
It's a good tablet for a good price I also love the free trial of amazon prime
Simply the best the fire stick is also a great deal but for flawless connectivity fire tv is worth the extra green backs.
Alexa has been a wonderful resource for our family. Most any question asked or any recommendations/reviews requested have been spot on. We haven't used her to order anything yet but may do that in the future. We did learn that you have to ensure there is nothing blocking the speaker & that you speak very clearly in order to receive an answer.
I was surprised on how easy it was to use. I bought it for my mother and she totally loves it, and I do too!
I am on my second kindle fire and recently purchased this one for my husband. It's easy to navigate, great for reading books and as long as you have WiFi you are connected. I like that you don't have to buy a data connection to use it.
love my new echo, works well pros easy to install does not take to much room. The sound is crisp. My only grip is i paid 50.00 more then what the price was in xmas.
Alexa easily understands and responds. Great tool to use make lists...I do not have to reach for a pen and paper!!
I had the best experience at the Best Buy I went to. They were so helpful and took their time with me.
Purchased for my 3yr old to play games and watch movies . Obviously with a little help, but the durability of this product is hands down great . It's not going to break that easy ! Plenty of memory and picture quality is good .
After purchasing 2 different "brand X" charges at a lower cost, and having both of them fail after a couple weeks of use, I purchased this OEM charger (made by Amazon) for our Kindle Fire. Not only does it work well (continuously) but it fully charges the unit in a matter of 2 hours, instead of overnight charging being required. Still works great, and well worth the few dollars extra in price!
I had an original Kindle DX and a Kindle keyboard. I decided to upgrade and get the Paperwhite and I'm glad I did. The light is great for reading where it isn't very bright. The e-ink is great for reading outdoors or anywhere. It's easier on the eyes than reading on my Ipad. I still read physical books too, but the Paperwhite is great for traveling and just tucking in my purse to take everywhere. I recommend it to anyone who likes to read.
I've bought nearly every model of Kindle Fire since they came out. I love the fact that this model allows the installation of a micro SD card for storage of photos and music. The color is also a plus! Much better than basic black. Glad I bought it!
My child loves this tablet! He is on it all day long! Wish youtube was easier to use though.
Great price. Love it. Couldn't believe the price....
I really like the features, the size, and the price, but I was a bit disappointed with the lack of speed!
The Amazon Fire reminds me of a cheap older Android tablet from 5 years ago. The camera is horrible, the screen is full and I'd rather play with fire than to use the, Amazon Fire. Im returning ASAP!
very good
This has the all speed and storage I needed for my preschooler. The case is soft and light and I can tell it will protect the tablet really well. I really like the ease of getting to the kid-friendly apps and videos. Has easy to set up parental controls.
This is a fantastic product. Picture quality is awesome. Increased our internet speed so hardly an buffering. Much faster than the stick.
I have an Apple TV and The Amazon fire dreaming fire station much more.
Very good tablet my child enjoys it very much, the battery life is very good although he takes it for his games
I was just looking for a tablet that wasn't expensive and had good quality graphics and I was please with my purchase.
OK, let's face it. Kindles are not the fastest nor do they come with a quad core processor. But they are great for simple reading and light web browsing. But for 39.99 on sale it was a steal. Thanks Best Buy!
My granddaughter loves her Kindle Fire tablet. Easy to use and am purchasing one for my husband.
I bought this for myself to have but once my kids got a hold on it was there's. Great tablet for a great price. All you need is a good wifi and enjoy.
For the price this was a great tablet for my kids. They love it!!!
Amazing product and alternative for cable. The fire TV has a lot of add ons so you can watch your favorite shows through this little box! Loved it!
picked this tablet up for my wife had a bad experience with other cheap tablets bought this one and have absolutely loved it best value out there
It's fun to have at a party when everyboby can ask it questions or ask for there favoite music.
I love my Kindle Voyage.... it's light and oh so easy to use... it's wonderful to have so many books in a portable format!
Looks decent for $40, it would be better add YouTube app.
Although it's an inexpensive tablet it packs a lot of stuff! It will do just about anything you want with great speed. Don't hesitate to buy this!
So awesome and cool, the future is here!! I can't wait to have her run mu house lights!
It is Great I Love It Got Rid Of Cable With The Fire Tv .
Graphics are great for the price. Would highly recommend.
I think Alexa is great. We first saw it while visiting family and were intrigued. We used our Best Buy point, so the risk was minimal. Alexa is great at answering questions related to whether, sporting events, calendar, shopping and todo lists. I like that I can print out my todo and shopping lists and that she can add events to my online calendar. We haven't even scratched the surface and we love Alexa already!! We also decided to join Amazon prime and are very satisfied so far...keep up the good work Amazon!!
Great addition to smart home. Seamless integration with smartthings hub, hue lights, and Rachio Sprinkler controller.
We're really enjoying it. The price was right. Great 4 a beginner
I love it it is so easy to use it and I can safely everything I want.
Hubby bought this for us. We use to play music, check daily weather, make shopping lists, alarm for appointments, work, check movie listings
Like talking to a human! Can find an answer for most subjects as long as the internet is available. Fairly accurate also.
I kept waiting for a good deal since this new 300ppi kindle released. There's no discount from Amazon. However, I received student coupon from Bestbuy with $20 discount. That was an amazing deal! Now I start to read the song of ice and fire with my new kindle!
Way easier than carrying a ton of books, easy to read from and convenient to use
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite. I received this generation to replace my older generation. The screen is even clearer than the previous version. Previous version still worked perfectly. Paperwhite is so easy to read and the backlight is great for bedtime reading.
Wound up finding one at Best Buy when no one else had any. I absolutely have found my new favorite gadget in the Echo and have found so many fun things it can do to help organize my life.
Very pleased experience installation and setup....
The Kindle I currently have is pretty nice. I did however have to send my first one back as it stopped working after 17 days. Awesomely though, Best Buy shipped me a new one free of charge even though it was past the 15 day return policy.
It's easy to understand the popularity of the Alexa Echo.It's a great accessory that will enhance your entertainment capabilities
This is the second Kindle Fire 7 we have purchased. This unit was purchased for my wife because she wanted to take pictures and share with family on social media. Compared to another tablet we own, this is by far more superior in quality and performance.
Finally I can read at the beach and it's super light!
This is an outstanding tablet, especially for the money. Does all I need it to do at a great price.
very good tablet .i like it. but regulation is little low.
This is good for the price battery is good quality of picture is ok
Seriously awesome tablet for the price. Lots of additional apps to make this an awesome buy
Can't beat price wish the cases would fit from last one screen smaller but for the price I think gret .
I have bought many of these tablets for family members and had no complaints
I am absolutely loving the amazon fire streaming devices
This tablet is great and easy to use. Great way to keep the kids entertain.
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
I bought the tablet as a gift for a friend's daughter in another country and they just luv it. She is the talk of her province because of the usefulness and learning games that came with the tablet.
Throw it in the backseat for long car rides and you're golden
This was a great tablet for reading and searching the web!
Really like the Amazon fire tv. It's an awesome product to have for tv lovers!!! Make sure u have strong Wifi!!!
Just hooked it up works great don't know how I ever got by without it
Purchased for my 9 yr old nephew for his birthday. He had been asking for a tablet forever. I made his day! He loves his tablet. All he's does is watch you tube and play games
This device is easy to use and I like it very much.
Bought to use as a reader on flights. Lightweight, great reader, more functionality than I would have expected for the price
Tried the Roku 3 on a set and recently added this to another. Really like the ease of use and voice search feature. Would prefer less an amazon centered home page - otherwise a 5 star product.
So easy to use my parents can even figure it out good quality
My husband loves this. He is happy that he can read anything he chooses from his library and that he also has WiFi access to get to his email and the internet whenever he wants.
Gift for my wife, she loves it. Reads on it all the time.
this was my first Amazon purchase and since then I have purchased a Tap and a dot. All are easy to setup and work flawlessly.
Love the fact that it has parental controls to manage the tablet usage.
I love using Alexa but it's hard to get information from her sometimes and she says she doesn't know it...also hard to keep the outlets working with it.
There is nothing else left on the eink market anyway but the Amazon Kindle. It still doesn't support epub format of course, Amazon doesn't like competition. It is built OK, moderately cheap plastic, but no squeaking at least. Contrast is OK, I had Nook and it is on par. I can't imagine how bad the regular Kindle would be though. This one with 300 dpi is just OK. Scrolling is fast enough, it has integrated vocabulary. No home menu or other physical buttons though, besides the home Kindle one - the UI is not completely responsive when you try to go to your Library, instead home brings you to Amazon Kindle page, where you are overwhelmed with advertisement.My biggest dislike is the volume of advertisement and thus the convoluted interface. It is WAY worse then Nook, which is much more reading-centric.A lot of cheap and free books are available on Amazon, especially with Prime membership. It can be linked to public library for ebooks as well.
It does what I need it to do, slight flicker when going through things, but it's a good piece to have.
This was bought to replace my old Kindle with keypad, and experimental internet. Was surprised how much the Kindle had changed, and at the same price as my old one was when I bought it!Have already shown it to a couple of friends who now say they are thinking about getting one.
It works great with my Hue and also requesting music. But deeper questions it doesn't know much
Great product! This is the best smart device that we have bought in so many years. The best of it is Alexa is getting better every day. We are having fun with Alexa every day me she became one of the best friends of my wife.
I waited a while before going with Amazon to start automating my home. I had considered Google Home, but since I wanted to have multiple rooms linked, it was much cheaper to go the Echo route since the Dot was only $40/each on sale. It has more after-market apps and seems to be integrated into more home automation systems (lights, TVs, alarm systems, etc.) than Google Home. It is also much sleeker and attractive to have sitting in your living room than Google. It is a bit of a novelty at the moment but is quickly becoming an integral part of our house.I was a little disappointed in the pricing ($140 on sale) since the Echo Dot, as I mentioned, was only $40 and does everything the Echo does, minus a better speaker. The Dot does have a 3.5mm output jack, so you can hook it up to a sound system or Bluetooth speaker. So, if you do not use your Echo to listen to music, it was a little overkill for the price.
I absolutely love this fire tv. I can't seem to put down the remote to stream different things.
Love my fire box. Already had the stick and loved it so this was a no brainer!!
Takes some getting used to but new apps are being developed all the time which increases the usefulness of this product each week. Have ours in the kitchen for music, cooking timers, shopping list, news, games and more.
Where do I begin? It comes with an amazing thick case, it's a fully functioning tablet. It also comes with a one year subscription to educational games and movies/ shows. If it breaks Amazon replaces! How could you choose any other tablet? This was so great we had to get two!
The fire works fine it's not the fastest but for basic browsing and watching videos it works great. You can't beat it for the price. Great for kids and not having to worry about them breaking it.
Purchased one for our son and liked it so much that we bought one for ourselves. It is very helpful in the kitchen for conversions, timers, and music. My favorite is checking my commute before I leave in the morning. The only downside is I had to do a lot of research on the capabilities, there was no one stop shop. Learning new things and like all gadgets, it is not necessary but fun to have.
Smaller than I expected but easy to hold. Very difficult to figure out how to access library, delete books. No user instructions came with it.
Fun and reliable. Good quality for the money. Easy to use.
I bought this for my mom so she could play her games and do Facebook...she was having a hard time seeing them on her phone. She absolutely loves her tablet. She carries it everywhere. A great purchase. I would buy it again and again for her joy. Well worth the money. A big hooray to Amazon and Best Buy!
I love the kindle. I'm not completely happy with the sound quality of the speaker's. And, a month later it already seems to be lagging and freezing a bit. I have one music app, several books, and a few games on it. I don't seem to be using it as much as my 7 during long trips just because of the size.
Very easy installation. Picture quality is great and no lag at all.
Purchased as a gift. Works great. We love the kindle paperwhite because it can be read outside with no glare.
Alexa is so much better than Siri. More natural and faster.
I upgraded from the Kindle Touch so I could have a built in light. The light is fantastic. While it took some getting used to the press buttons for page turning on the side, I love that too. Can use it with one hand, and don't have to take hands off to touch the screen. The documentation could use some work. A diagram with what all those icons are that they refer to would be a big help. Took me a long time to figure out how to get the reading progress to what I wanted. One thing, I HATE the new bookmark method. The old 'corner fold' was easier and less intrusive. Still can figure out how to delete from My Clippings. Also I wish Amazon would come out with a case similar to an Otter Box. I don't want leather OR auto turn on, which seems to be problematic on nearly every case I look at.
This product is great and easy to use. It's an all in one entertainment product .
Amazon Fire TV works great. Picture and streaming is fantastic.
I love my Paperwhite, I go no where without it! I love it so much more now that I have a waterproof case to keep it in.
I really haven't had a chance to use this much yet, but it seems like a coll little gadget.
This tablet is great for a beginner. It is really inexpensive and does a great job for a young kid. I purchased this for my nephew. He loves it.
This is a nice little tablet, for me since I don't do a lot on a tablet, it's a great size. It took a little getting use to working with, but am a little more comfortable with it now.
Nice case I love the blue and the magnetic cover it stays on nicely protects the screen and had me a useful standing feature
Great tablet for the price. Good size and great value.
What more can be said about the Echo? It is a quality device that works exactly as advertised.
If you're an Amazon Prime member and are looking for an easy streaming box for the whole family to use, this is it. The lack of a few apps is a bit disappointing but Amazon is expanding their library as time goes on, so be patient.
Easy to use and great for listening to the music you want to hear.
With amazon prime I was able to create a huge play list. My Echo also turns on lights in some of the most inconvenient areas. Alexa keeps me informed on news weather and sports.
I use this device in my office to stream music and keep up on the news. Overall a good experience so far.
Its cheap, but the you will notice the low screen resolution compared to iPad. App is somewhat limited unless you side load it.
Just picked up from BB a couple of hours ago. Screen in good and tablet seems faster than previous model possibly due to more memory. Battery so far seems very good.
I wanted the charger block with the folding power tines, but not available so I got this one and it works very well and I like it as much as the other type.
Great price. Fantastic gift! I would recommend this for a gift for all ages.
This speaker puts out some great sounds and has lots of options for connections. And, it is Alexa commandable.
You can't beat this for the price. The Internet is fast and a good reader.
Works well. Easy to use. Battery seems to be good. Would buy again.
I bought 2 for my kids for reading and they are slowly but gradually picking up how to use them. They thought I bought it to download games. I told them one game each and the rest books.
Or at least a future I'd like to be living in :-)Lets get this straight. As a Prime member, you can get this for 99. At that rate, think of it as:- A wireless speaker that you can just issue spoken instructions to!- An alarm clock that you can shout at (Alexa! Shut up!) in the morning, and it will obey you :) (its my half asleep morning power trip)- Set a timer for when you're cooking- Fact check your friend while you argue with them :PSo my common use cases aside, here's what is good about Echo:- Speech recognition works *really* well, esp for brief phrases.- It can hear you from pretty much anywhere in the room, and is pretty accurate with the wake word (I've been using Alexa)- As a music player, its really nice to be able to just ask for a song by name and have it just come up, without having to hunt through a playlist, connect to the bluetooth speaker etc.- Purchasing music is pretty seamless. (As if Amazon needed another way to get you to spend money:-) )- iHeart radio integration, if you're into that kinda thingHere is what is not so great:- Speech recognition for longer phrases needs a couple of attempts, maybe because of my accent. (e.g. Alexa, play the song The Troubles by U2- As a music player, its a bit lacking in bass.- Sometimes, while its playing music, you have to use the wake word once or twice to gets its attention- Bing search Really *rolls eyes*I'd love to see in the future:- Integration with Fire TV, so that I can simply say Alexa, play The Sopranos on my TV- Google search- Being able to send a message to a friend in my contacts Alexa, message XYZ blah blah blahOverall, its a pretty cool product, and I'd love to see what it looks like over time!
Aside from being about the only eink readers still available, the Amazon Kindle series of readers offer bang for the buck, and features that you don't know you need. The Paperwhite reader is great in sunlight, in a lit room, or even in a darkened room. The available Kindle books offer a tremendous variety of genres and titles for a low cost. And with shareware converters like calibre, classics available through public domain are all there to be read. If you love books, then this is for you.
I love my fire i have always wanted one for when I read
Purchased for my 90 year old mother, She loves it .
I like it I got it for my nephew birthday now I can get it out off his hands
The box is fast, does what was advertised. Quick and easy to connect. Alexa and the voice activated remote is a really nice feature.
This product is convenient for listening to music hands free, but not real user friendly. Alexa is not real knowledgeable and logic is at best that of a small child.
Excellent for streaming TV thru internet. Makes an excellent alternative to cable TV.
My kids love their new tablet Easy to use for them and myself
I am happy that i purchased this tablet because it has become very useful when i do my studying and for social media. it is a cute size so it fits in my purse easily . The only reason i do not give it 5 stars is because it doesnt have the ability to add some apps such as chegg, snapchat and among others.
I bought this for my brother and he loves it. He uses it to watch videos, surf the web, and read books.
My husband loves this. They battery life is aweseome. Nice to take when traveling!
First time tablets for the childeren. Great gift at a great price, the parents love them too. Basic tablet with many features that are very useful to the whole family. Not too sure about battery life just yet.
It's a great tablet we use it alot when we travel .
I love this box I cut my cable and now use sling tv and am saving a ton
Speedy delivery, product was in good shape, and it was well liked by the users.
Bought this for my GF. She loves it. Can't put it down. She uses it every night before she goes to bed. Easy to read. Fellas if you want your ole lady out of your hair I recommend purchases this for her!!!
The Kindle Fire HD has a larger screen (8" vs. 7") and images are crisper with more vibrant colors.
I looked into many reviews before buyin this device bec I wasn't convince at first, twas initially offered by Amazon for $199 then with Prime for $99 but missed all those deals bec it was a newcomer in the gadget arena so I waited for awhile but should've grab it when it was launched bec Alexa is just amazing and makes u a bit of a master by his good capture voice commands, ask anything and it will answer the best way it can, maximize with Prime membership and u have a great music entertainment! Great Buy!!
Works well for my 86 year old mom. She can see print very clearly.
Love it. So easy to use. I previously had a Nook Color, but since the newest Nook was having problems getting library books at the time I decided to go with Kindle. Worried I would lose the Nook books I had purchased over the years. Nope not a problem. Just had to download a couple of apps. m.getjar.com to download 3rd party apps. Once that is downloaded, open m.getjar and find Nook there. Easy peasy.
Loved the item - worked great. Packaging was good. I was very pleased
Great price for a beginner, he is able to use it for games
Great product, love all the things you can do with the Echo - music, games, weather, sports, conversions, etc
Nice tablet for beginner or casual user. Basic functions.
For having a discount for this price it was a deal i couldn't pass up. Even when everywhere seems to be sold out of this item i was still able to find best buy mobile had them in stock. Makes a great stocking stuff.
I purchased this item for a young lady who has since written to thank me and to say it is exactly what she wanted and needs. She is fully satisfied with it.
The tablet is very functional and it is offered at a great price. It had everything I was looking for in a tablet. I am very pleased with my purchase.
This is a major upgrade from the fire stick. Works extremely well no lag. Would definitely recommend to anyone that has Amazon prime.
I bought 2 of these tablets for my Grandsons that both have Autism. They can be very hard on things and this is 1 tablet neither boy has been able to break yet. they are very easy for them to use and they LOVE them. The only thing with them is you need an Amazon account for them.
It does what I need it to do and if very affordable
Works very well.fast and great if you have a prime account.
bought for mothers day.I got it because I saw it as one of the best books.She is so happy with the surprise
Great easy to use tablet.... Grabbed it for my daughter and she cant get enough. Gets the job done ...
Great speaker and Echo substitute. This is great for on the go as a Bluetooth speaker and when connected to the internet it works great using the Alexa app.
Great sound..exploring it's smart home capabiliies
It's a great tablet for the price... my kids love it...great parental controls
Purchase was good. Very easy to set up and use. Clear screen. Easy to charge. Would like more storage.
Nice camera. Learning how to use it, but it is easy
The better resolution and slightly smaller size makes a worthwhile investment if you read for hours. The commercials that tell you how much better it is to read on a Kindle Voyage vs a tablet are true. I read for hours at a time on weekly plane trips. If I use a tablet my eyes hurt after just a couple of hours. On a Kindle because of the side lighting I can read for 5 hours and my eyes never hurt .
PURCHASED FOR A 92 YEAR YOUNG LADY TO BE ABLE TO PLAY BEJEWLED BLITZ. SHE LOVES IT !
My kids enjoy reading books and playing games on the fire tablet.
Easy to use. Great picture clarity. Wish they had a cellular version.
Its a good tablet, screen is kind of weird but it does its job. I wish the it had more memory but for the price, I can't expect to much for a inexpensive tablet. But what I do love is that all the apps are free so that's a #SCORE. Great for kids
Kindle was no longer charging properly and this solved the problem.
Works awesome. We are cable free thanks to the Fire tv
Works great even from a different room it responds and when I play music the sound is very rich
This works well for those that like movies! I personally appreciate the ease of use.
The Amazon Fire met all my expectations. I would highly recommend this unit over the Roku 3. It is easy to install. Of course, Amazon has terrific online / phone support. The Fire has a competitive price point. The Remote is much more intuitive and easy to use versus the Roku 3. There are many more apps and "How-to's" on YouTube. My unit is more versatile than the Roku 3. Plus the Amazon "behemoth" is committed to making the Fire the best video/music streamer at a reasonable cost with many app options. Amazon is not going away soon! However, be careful, this unit can be very additive.
Setting up the Echo was very easy. That is good since I am not very tech savy. Love it.
He loves his new tablet lots of fun and educational games to choose from and best of all very kid proof he has dropped it numerous times and I see no signs of damage whatsoever
Terrific purchase that was enabled with an Amazon Prime membership. We just love watching TV shows and movies in the privacy of our home using the Amazon Fire TV device. Simple to setup...less than 5 minutes and we were on our way.
I purchased 3 kindles for my grandchildren for Christmas last year. I have been very disappointed with their quality. The chargers were very difficult to plug in right from the beginning and now one of the kindles won't even charge at all. The others have to be positioned just right or they won't charge either. I definitely would not recommend this particular model kindle to anyone.
Great price for a Kindle Fire. Lightweight, easy to hold and use.
This is great if you have two kids and want to give them a tablet to play with. My problem is that my child is dyslexic and this is the lowest level reader that currently supports audible.com... that is the hardware supports audible. In order for my child to use audible I had to disable all of the family features and try to turn it into a reader... I was sad because there are lots of great family features that I had to disable.I did not use geek squad, I reached out directly to kindle support. Pre-sales, they could not tell me the difference between the free and paid family packages. I had to get to a senior person to help me figure be out why audible did not work and the to disable the family features ... even then, I could not disable the Alexa app. My child has full access to Alexa and the rights to turn on shopping.... kind of scary.So my disappointment is that Amazon does not make a kid friendly kindle that we can have audible.com on for my child's learning disability.
I wasn't sure what to expect besides music, and this echo does SO much more! We can check the weather, it tells jokes, and is all around just fun to have!
I have loved Kindles from the first time I turned one on. I now read about 12 books a year (that's a lot for me). I finally upgraded to the Paperwhite for the backlight feature. I take it with me everywhere in case I have an extended wait time somewhere. But I mostly use it in bed. The size makes it easy to hold. It's a lot better then holding a cumbersome book and doesn't hurt as much when I start to doze off and drop it on my face. I have set the text size big enough to read without my glasses, get in bed, turn on the backlight, and read in the dark. Good for reading in sunlight too. I only read books with my Kindle, so I didn't see the need to buy the Fire. And I only needed the Wi-Fi version (no 3G desired). I also didn't see the need to pay $80 more for the Voyage.
Improved over the HD 7. Things set up differently but not hard to learn. Also a bit heavier than the 7 so reading in bed a little harder
A well worth purchase. I got this for my brother and dad for Christmas and they loved it.
She loves it. It works really well and its features are amazing
It's great, does everything that the Amazon fire $149 one does minus a few inches and the size is so much better! Easier to carry and store and the quality is the same
Much quicker than the fire tv stick! A nice upgrade
Good price while on sale. Also reward is the reason I go there
This new Osmo Mobile is amazing. The quality of it and the way that it turns on its own is just a match going into 2017 as far as the advancement of technology. Definitely recommended!
Works really good, highly recommended. Would definitely buy to a friend or family member.
Seems like a good value, though I'm not sure how much it allows Amazon to spy on me. Major problem, does not connect my WIFI at home. My Android and Lap Top connect; and the Fire connects elsewhere, not sure if it's a WIFI problem or a Fire problem. Will contact Amazon to see if they can tell. Otherwise I would recommend.
For the price this is a great little tablet. Its fairly fast and fits my needs.
purchased this for grandson, great price easy out of the box. awesome price had some leftover for a case an essential part for a 7 year old :)
Of all the kindle readers this is the best one.I love this, small, easy to read
Gave it to my mom, who hasn't turned on a computer in 20 years. Showed her a couple of things, now she is a pro.
GOOD DEVICE AND CHIPPER THAT SAMSUNG OR APPLE DEVICES.
Great box for the money and it is so easy to use and enjoy
Little bit of learning curve but love it now. Probably will buy fire stick for other tv.
Bought this as a gift for my husband. He loves Alexa and speaks to her daily. Can't imagine how he survived without the Flash Briefing or Sports update. The Echo speaker is not as good as our Sonos, but it is great to get the weather or set a timer without touching a device.
Don't know whether I will ever get used to talking to my electronic devices but when paired with a compatible remote control this thing can just about contril everything in your house.
Have been using this kindle paperwhite and it's a lot lot better from reading in tablets. Not eye stressing and really very handy. Nice product!
I really like this tablet. I would have given 5 stars but sometimes you have to push start several times after you unlock the screen and it is a little annoying.
Bought it for my son as a replacement for his damaged tablet. What a great deal this is. I reccomend it fully.
Great for doing the cord cutting. So far so good..
This kindle is much faster than my old one. Great buy.
Bought as gifts for sons based on positive useage of year old Echo in my home
Alexa really works. I was sceptical at first, now she is part of the family. I'm cooking , I have three different things on the go, microwave, stovetop, and outside on the grill; all need to be pulled off the heat at different times. No problem , I just ask Alexa to set timers for each item as I go along, awesome! Time to watch a movie now , " Alexa turn off living room lights " The lights dim and she confirms with "OK " - nice. A little bit too warm, " Alexa, set temperature to 69° " The air-conditioner comes on ,magical . My nephew does not like what we are cooking, " Alexa open Domino's " she asks for my order choice, within seconds Dominos has the order, paid for , arrives on time . This is truly one of the coolest devices I have ever purchased . I almost forgot, anytime I want to hear a piece of music that I loved from my past I just call it out and she can pull it up right there and then I can listen to it, in near Bose quality sound , Magic!!!!
Excellent product. I would definitely recommend the Kindle for anyone who likes to read
Purchased a new kindle because my original was very out of date. Has more memory, larger screen and does not freeze up. Love it.
The Amazon Echo is a terrific tech addition. These devices work off your router and the vast variety of information and radio stations makes the Echo a versatile item to have.
Easy to set up and lets me stream everything I want to
Bought this for my father who would have trouble using a computer. He's picking up on it very quickly. It keeps him entertained. Good reliable device.
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
My grandson loves it, uses it all the time. Its great
Only gave 4 stars because although some things I like better then previous, less expensive Kindle, the previous Kindle had many features that I liked that I can not find on this one.
It's a great speaker for the kids and the whole family, I love it especially the games it plays on family night
After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
This is a great product! Would definitely recommend this item!
It is a great idea needs some improvement,lots of questions asked,its reply is I don't or can't answer that.
Did not work right out of the box; bad hard drive. Read other reviews that stated the same issue. Would not recommend to anyone. Save your money.
Works Perfect and woujld highly recommend.Was easy to set up!
Easy to setup and use for basic everyday use. Haven't gotten into lights and more advanced uses, but all in all very satisfied for the price
We purchased this as a gift. Researching and word of mouth led us to purchase this one. Very user friendly.
Needed a new tablet for reading books, movies and surfing the Web. This meets all my needs!
I bought this as a birthday gift for for my daughter. It's lightweight and thin so she can take it just about anywhere she goes. I'm glad I spent the extra for the backlit version, as she likes to read in bed before going to sleep.
I do not have any complaints regarding this product.
Fire TV delivers. Good device with a very easy to use interface. Easy to set up.
Alexa is great for quick info and sometimes her responses to questions are fun to listen to.
worth the pennybought for my 2 year old daughter who loves playing the games on the amazon store (a decent collection of free games)+ watch you tube or stored videos.Only prob is that haven't found any cable so that it can stream the videos on TV (have to go for Fire TV stick)
My wife likes it because she can read all different kind of books
Great device I use it on a regular basis. good investment
I bought this to replace my Kindle touch. Since Kindle's no longer have speaker options. It's good for reading but to small to be used as a primary tool.
Bought as a gift. It was a bit smaller then expected but measured as described. Good value for the price.
Was very difficult to set up. With the 3 hours help of Geek Squad and my granddaughters I-Phone we got it done.
Brought for my mom and she loves it worth every penny
Got this for my wife for reading Kindle and ordering on Amazon. It is a nice unit, has quick response time and was a good value.
My daughter loves this. She uses it for both games and educational apps, as well as listen to music.
Works great for the price. I use it mainly to watch videos or read newspaper/magazine articles. For much else it would be too slow.
I was looking for entertainment in my man-cave without a lot of complicated wiring. The Fire TV is for me!! I just plugged it into my television, setup my wifi and that was it. It took me no time at all before I was enjoying high quality movies in my man-cave!! I highly recommend this product!!
My wife loves this tablet.Much easier to use than previous 2 tablets that we purchased.
Echo is a great addition to our home and its easy to use!!
When you compare it to the Ipad, it's a little small, but you can't beat the price for what you get. Shopping, watching TV, whatever you would do on your smartphone, but much easier to see.Love it.
First of all i like the price !!! Faster and take good photos
Bought for grandson who loves it. Used for travel.
Love my Fire TV Box. Works great and highly recommend if you are in the market for an android box!!
Kids loved it would buy again good storage works well
store sales person was very helpful. price is always the bottom line.
I purchased this tablet as a gift for my 7 year old grandson. He is thoroughly enjoying watching his favorite YouTube videos and playing minecraft.
I love to read and using the Kindle has been great.
Purchased 3 of these for the kids for Christmas and had to come back and get one for myself as well! Awesome product
My kids love using it. They use it everyday with YouTube videos
I had a Kindle Color before. It was great, but the White Paper is way better. You don't need a light on to see the print. I use it a lot on airplanes
I already had a Fire but it didn't have enough storage space. This tablet solved that problem for me. However I'm unable to download Dropbox because it is already installed on my previous tablet and this tablet is a little different. I did however figure out that I could install One Drive and then put my photos into that program. Otherwise it is a good tablet.
It is a very solid E-Reader. Nothing wrong with it at all.
It is ok for the average user. But it os not good enough for Kodi. The interface is ok, but a little too busy for me. I did not like the fact that I could not use my universal Harmony remote with it. Jodi also takes almost an hour to set up and it buffers way more than on the Shield.
I enjoy watching free movies, playing great games, and listening to the various music stations.
Its ok for the price if willing to deal with the ads and cant download certain apps.
For under $40 it is a great buy for a tablet. I don't like that the charger port is next to the buttons on the side.
Easy to set up. Getting all my music through Amazon.
It's a great item to have when you are out and about. It's easy to connect to Wi-Fi and it's small enough to fit in my purse.
This inexpensive tablet does everything I want it to do. I can read my books and magazines and keeps tabs on my kids and grandkids on Facebook. Very easy to use and crystal clear pictures and video.
It wouldn't connect with any of my smart home items it wouldn't understand some commands
I bought two Amazon Echo's at their deal of the day price! We love using them. Great service and product!
It's great for kids at this price, not its not an iPad. Can only buy from kindle, so apps are somewhat limited. This edition added a SD slot to add storage!!
Love it. Very happy with purchase. Does everything I expected .
Sharp picture and easy to use. And a fantastic price
This kindle makes it easy to read at night.goodbuy
I love reading my books on this, and the Alexa flash briefings each morning before I go to work at top notch
Excellent purchase and easy to set up. Great entertainment console.
So here was my dilemma, I could buy a cheap tablet from a no name manufacturer and suffer lag time, battery problems, software problems and all the things the bad reviews said or I could buy(on sale) an Amazon Fire Tablet and get a great screen, great battery life, Alexa, wifi, access to my Amazon Prime goodies and an easy to us OS..hmmmm, which way should I go? Needless to say, thrilled with my Fire tablet, use it all the time and wondering why anyone needs to spend more when this thing does so much for so little.
Wow. I've had many tablets, but none come close to this for the price. The screen is clear and responsive. While it comes locked to amazon, i sideloaded the nook app without root, and then rooted it easily, just for fun. XDA has the details.
Aiden's is loving his tablet, using educational apps learning his letters and numbers
Love the color pink for granddaughter she loves carrying around her own tablet. Wonderful product. love the safety protective case great unit.
Great tablet for many uses. Purchased mainly for reading but have used it multiple times just browsing the web and social media.
Can't beat the price.a great Christmas gift for adults and teens.
Awesome tablet. Performance great. Perfect buy!!!!
This is a great product at a great price I would definitely recommend this to anybody especially good for college students or people that read books etc.
Nice tablets to take on the go!!! Also great for reading books.
using echo for weather, music, and asking questions. Worry about ordering stuff online.Still learning all the things you can do with alexa.
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
Really like the Wi Fi & being able to take it to any room in the house. My music sounds great. Love all the features.
Love product connects to my Nest thermostat and wink products without any problem
Comments on Kindle Paperwhite1) Basic functioning of page forward & back - excellent2) Footnote action often led to loosing place. It was easy to accidentally press a footnote when doing normal forward or back. Pressing the top right x sometimes returned to text, but often was dead - requiring selecting Go To Footnotes. Picking the correct < footnote returned to correct position - but too easy to accidentally press a different footnote - send me off to wrong text position. While doing things right raises no problems - it is to easy to get in trouble. Enabling the x at all times would be safer.3) Occasionally a small print message such as 91 highlighters would appear between the lines. Supposed to show where other kindle users highlighted text. Does not highlight any text.
It is by far the best piece of electronics I have purchased (ok, to an extent). Better than Siri and asking for any song to be played at any moment you are thinking of it is amazing!
Wife loves this thing. She reads nonstop on it. She can't put it down
Great tablet 4 the price, already preloaded with amazon apps,easy-to-use
I probably have to learn more ways to use it but right now it is just okay. Does not seem to know answers to many questions asked. I guess I expected more from ti
This is one of the best shopping you can do for a child under 10 years
Love my kindle! Highly recommended to anyone that reads regularly or travels. We use it for reading on the go and even to access Netflix and email on a device larger than a cell phone but smaller than a computer.
at 49.00 it was the best price for a small touch panel
Great Tablet. We wanted Orange which took a little while to get shipped but came in couple weeks.
My kids love it.they always come home and run to it .they on it into it's bed time
I picked this tablet up for a 5 year old grandchild as a way to learn how to use a tablet works fine .
I didn't review prior to purchase because I already have one
Just looking for an affordable tablet and found this one...very pleased!
It helps the kids with questions it plays any music you like .
Biggest and best Kindle yet. Light as a feather. Buy one today.
Great box better than the firestick and other boxes
I am so glad that I bought the Amazon Echo I love it
I just used this after receiving it a few days. I tried a couple times to use it, but my Kindle registered connected to a low power charger. Too expensive for this to happen. I've never written a negative review till now.
Really love this. My only issue is that there are benefits to being an amazon music service member and I don't want another provider. Still great though with the other services that connect.
We all love the Echo. My son loves getting weather, music and jokes and we are starting to set up the house for remote control through the device. Very helpful device. Can't wait to have more of the house connected.
I enjoyed the way the Fire 10 transfered all of my books, games and apps. It only took a little bit of time to go through the start up. The Fire starts up quick and I love the larger screen for reading my books. The colors are brilliant.
This was just the right screen size. We were price shopping and luckily found it on sale too.
Got one to go with my Kindle Paper white! Works great!
it does not charge any faster than regular charger.
It is the right size to throw into a purse because it is light weighteasy set up. Enter your Wifi password and Amazon login info, then wooo!+ The display is bright (no dead pixels on mine) and responsive; touch sensitivity is very good.The Fire 7" -good design and slim in sizeGood product with Money
This is the perfect product for listening to internet radio at the gym without having to buy a smart phone and an expensive data plan. I selected the gym's wireless signal, downloaded the Sirius/XM app, put in my earphones (purchased separately), and began listening. Since this item was part of a Black Friday sale, my total cost was well under $50. It's small enough to carry with me, and the screen is easy to read.
The wide wide world of TV at your finger tips! We love this!
i needed something to read in the sunlight other than fire hd
It has been great for the whole family. We all love playing our favorite music and the kids love the games like 20 questions.
It's okJust okHate the ads and the home screenNot as good as original
The speaker on this unit really impressed me. It is as good as my little Bose bluetooth speaker. Super convenient to stream music from Amazon Prime. This product is a nice add on to those who are Amazon Prime members. I am looking forward to integrating it with more things.
Overall its not bad. I like all that it offers I just wish it wasn't so finicky. You ask it a question and will say hmm i don't have the answer to that. And then ask it the same question again just slightly different it's is able to answer. None the less its a good buy.
This little thing is great very light and the clarity is just right, I like the way it adjusts to light.
My husband and I have had a great time checking out all the fun features of the Echo. We are very impressed with the instantaneous answers to our questions. What a fun "toy."
Easy to set up, easy to use, works very well with Alexa. Good content, prime membership helps.
excellent product and price from a one day sale getting it at half price
I love being able to access music and knowledge hands free.
awesome tablet. wonderful upgrade from the first kindle fire
I read all reviews about the tap so I decided to try it, I love it. The tap keeps me up to date with weather, news etc. I use it every day.
Took a while to figure everything out but once connected it turned out to be pretty helpful with shopping lists, weather updates, traffic reports. Also used as a speaker, sound isn't as great as some the better ones out there but does the job
For the money, a great Android like tablet that works
Everything we watch is on here. From Amazon, Netflix and everything in between we have access to all our favorite apps and content.
Bought this for my 2 yr old. Easy to use. Good parental controls. As long as you're not comparing it directly to an iPad, then it's a pretty good tablet for the $$
Does what they want, games, educational apps, and has parental controls.
Bought for a gift, very good for a young child easy to operate
Has all streaming media platforms. It even supports 4K resolution.
This tablet is so great for school children to play and learn on.
I got this tablet for my young nephew. I love the playtime feature so his parents can monitor how long he spends daily on the tablet.
Should come capable of doing more out of the box!!
This is the most amazing thing!What can't it do? Say a command and instantly you'll get it. Incredible!!
I love my new Kindle. Light weight and easy to use. Would recommend to anyone.
Brought for christmas gift mother loves it use all time
Love how user friendly the Kindle Fire is, for any age..
I wanted to find a tablet to give to my grandkids. Being able to spend 37.50 on Thanksgiving made this a no brainier for a tablet to give them. I was able to purchase 3 and they are really enjoying it. It may not be top of the line but it works great for them.
It worked perfectly!!
I bought 2 fires for older friends. 55-60 years old. They run jw library app on it. It has never given them any problems. I used the tablets before I gave them to my friends and they seemed reliable and plenty fast. A nice simple tablet, and the best price. A good intro to a tablet
Has a slight 'smokey' look at bottom of page. Probably because that is where the ads are shown. Cannot reverse background from white to black. Reversing to white letters on black background creates less glare for night time reading. Amazon is the best for customer service as is Best Buy. Overall, I'm very happy with my Paperwhite. It's very light and now I'll read more. Very user friendly.
Love it! Great for quality movies & games for the whole family...
The size is great for me, I can take it with me with little effort. The battery lasts a long time and the reading is clear.
We got these as an upgrade for the kids' Kindle Fires. Work great and have had no issues.
Just speak into the remote and your thrust on a journey through movies,Internet and shopping.
While it is not perfect and can be slow at times it is a good value for the price.
Works well but lacks forward control of screen and right and left movement on keyboard. Good foor short notes but could never do any substantial typing on this without external keyboard. Good for basic websurfing and email.
It's small enough for my daughter to carry around. She loved it.
I bought it Xmas for my 4 yr old who always wants our iPhones to watch utube videos. It's cool looking and well made plus Alexa is helpful. It she still prefers our iPhones because the touch screen makes it a bit easier to stop her video and is more sensitive. I like it but don't live it.
We bought this for our teenage grandson, who uses it for games, internet, and friend chat. Works great, and the price didn't break the bank.
Fast and reliable, easy to use interface. Great price and fast service at Best Buy.
The tablet is good and great for younger kids free download
Wonderful tablet for the price. Great for what I need. Not perfect for surfing the web but for reading, watching movies and listening to music it has been wonderful. Great deal!
I bought my step mom an updated kindle. She reads the new kindle more than her old one.
One of the things I love the most about my new Kindle is it's size. It slides so nicely into my compact purse, protective case and all. Another thing I've noticed is the lack of glare that I experienced with my old Kindle. It automatically adjusts to the light and I'm looking forward to being able to read it on the beach without a struggle. I also love the battery life - it goes on forever. The case I bought makes it possible to stand my Kindle up in front of me and read while I'm eating - a must for me - I never eat alone ;)
Purchased for kids, very good product for a great price. I seems durable and I won't be out tons of money if it breaks. Amazon fires are easy to use and I love the parental control feature.
I was skeptical about this at first. Once I learned how useful the scores to further expand the capabilities of my Amazon prime membership, I was quite impressed. Her responses are very prompt and accurate. I look forward to adding on bills and whistles using Alexa turn on and off lights in the house or setting the temperature by speaking a command.
The Kindle Fire is nice, sleek, and well functional. I bought this as a Christmas gift, which was a real success. It has all you need; your downloadable books, games, and web access. It immediately updates to the latest version once you install your internet code.
Works fine with TWC RR Extreme. Better than a Smart Tv.
This was a gift for grandchildren. I am sure they will love, seeing they used the older one we have.
I find it very helpful in finding music from years ago. I also find useful in getting the weather for Downey.,California.
This was very easy to set up and user friendly. A+
Love the Echo! Listen to music, weather, and my shopping list!
Love everything about the unit except that it gets hot when used for 10 to 15 minutes. Hope it doesn't burn or explode.
Amazon Echo- Alexis-is the only woman who obeys me.Similar to most electronics, I only use about 15% of its power.I have over 6 sources for music, but this is my go to source.
Sales people were helpful controller cable should be longer
Use my amazon fire tv everyday for everything tv shows and movies listen to music and play games
This was a wonderful gift for my grand child ..parental control is wonderful option
He loves it. Helps him learn and teaches him how to count
Product runs so smoothly. Way better than the fire-stick. And it allows you to do so much more.
Great easy to use product for streaming. Very pleased with it.
Gets the job done nicely. It's as convenient as using a cell phone, but just a larger screen. Great for reading e books and catching up with shows on line.
This tablet is easy to use. Good for kids. Get a case !
I plan to get a 4K TV soon, and already having the previous one for a TV this should be a good upgrade. All of the same services are present and the remote has been improved (still bluetooth). Although the 4K is only at 30fps, it will be fine as the TV's and content for 4K start to role out. The upgraded processor and micro SD slot (up to 128GB I believe) should make future proof for the next few years at least. Easy to hook up and start watching as with the previous version.
Purchased for my son as a Christmas gift and he loves it. Easy to use for a 5 year old
This tablet has great graphics compared to the base android. I bought the kids protective case to use when the grandkids come over. Long battery life.
Purchased this for my older son to be able to Skype with me over long distance. It is a great tablet and functions well for movies, games, and Skype.
I love my Echo, the Alexa app is great I miss it when I'm not at home so I bought a Dot for work.
I really like my fire. So much to do and easy to use.
I love the tablets HD picture is beautiful. The fire tablet is very fast to load and is easy to use. Great tablet.
This is our seventh Kindle purchased! Love them all! Price was fantastic too!
NO connection to WIFI, Nook Color, HD+ work on it.
This is an easy to use tablet. It was easy to set up and easy for my 6 year old to use. I purchased one of the off brand tablets for my other kid and have had a lot of problems with the charging port. Not with this tablet, worth a little extra money.
Great small tablet for kids. Very User friendly, because ugly several to use as give away items for kids ministry.
Works great and have not had any issues. The case is great for younger kids
This was a gift and we are still learning all it can do.
Love it. Sound is decent. Not the best lows but with all the features it's not a big deal. I can do a lot of things with this little speaker. Will be buying more for other rooms.
this fire tablet is Good for normal purpose. and this tablet is also useful for childrens
Would recommend - it does what it claims in the commercials
Good product. I will recommend this product because it is an amazing voice controlled item which does way more than you can imagine. The speakers are also loud for the size
Purchased for myself and just love it! It's just as nice as the Kindle.
Neat device, plays music with decent audio and allows me to control my WeMo devices.
Decided to get this tablet for my nephews 4th birthday present. Was a great choice. Easy for him to use and navigate, great speakers, and cool programs for kids. Very happy I got him this one out of the others I was looking in to. Would highly recommend this to anyone who wants their computer, table, or cellphones back from the little ones. Lol :)
These are better for kids instead of those fancy and costly kid tablets if you set these up with right content they need. Resolution is not great though. You get what you pay for.
I really like this product and have recommended it to others. Great buy for the price.
This product needs a bit more info to explain how it works and the set up. It is all quite easy once we had a neighbor over to help and ro explain. We are still exploring how this works for us but so far it is almost too good to be true -- especially with the price!We are hooked on 'the night manager'
This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
Love A&&le TV but seems like all is based on spending money. This device gives you lots of options and lets you select with voice as well as is in UHD.
Love everything about this television. Quality is great!Price is great!Happy all around!
I have a lot of fun talking to Alexa. I've ordered a few things from Amazon thru Alexa which can be hard for her to understand what your ordering but, she's still learning.
This came with the Kindle Paperwhite I bought as a birthday present for the love of my life. See that review.
Amazon should include this charger with the Kindle. The fact that they're charging us extra for something that should be included is a sign of cheapness. Plus, you can use any micro-USB phone charger instead of this to charge your Kindle. Save your money.
the tablet is great, but all the advertising is annoying
Bought this for my mother in law for her birthday. Loaded it with books and music and made her the happiest lady in town. Works great as a reader and also for music when paired with a good set of blue tooth headphones.
It's so easy to use and the price is very affordable.
This is a wonderful tablet. The processor is fast. I'm able to watch movies with no buffering. Tons of apps. This is an excellent value!
Can't beat the price on this tablet. Have to a student in college and they love it for taking notes and movies.
Works great, just as expected. The Kindle doesn't need to charge very often, but I use this all the time for my phone. Nice to have a charger in more than one room.
We bought these kindles for a gift for the kids on Black Friday. The price was amazing and they are durable. I know we will get our money out of them. I love that there is parental control, you can password protect areas where you don't want the kids to discover yet. Overall, great value for the price.
So easy to use and keep track of what children are doing .
Tried IP controlling with a Control4 system, response was slow with button presses. Video quality seems better on Appletv
This is my 4 the Kindle and is well worth the price.
So far the Alexa Echo is very easy to use. I like the media and Amazon order follow up features best.
Almost 5 stars, dosent have all songs from different musicians.
I am extremely thrilled with my Amazon Fire Tablet. It is definitely worth its price!
great value. first time trying this particular product. very happy
Voice recognition is nearly perfect! Quality and performance of the Echo is impeccable. WiFi connection and Alexa's connection to our Smart Devices is also great (much better than I had ever anticipated). Music is played all through Alexa which is convienent to the next level with great sound quality. We also have two Dots and a Tap; all highly recommended.
This item helps my parents enjoy TV viewing easier with its overall simplicity.
This is a great tablet for my 5 year old boy. It was inexpensive at $35 on black Friday. I particuly prefer it because, with my Amazon prime account, I can download videos to it. Amazon only let's Amazon products download videos. It was great when we traveled at Christmas. No more dvds and player needed!
great value at #35 . great for a kids tablet. you dont worry about kids breaking an expensive tablet
The person I gave it to for Christmas is really enjoying it alot .
Great device to use, not essential home item but definitely a fun item to have.
Bought this tablet so I wouldn't have to carry my laptop when traveling. Didn't think I'd use it at home but I find all sorts of thing to use it for there too. Sure my phone does some of those things but the bigger screen is easier.I also didn't think I'd use it as a reader but I slowly got hooked. For $40 it's a real bargain.
Works great. Very good sound. Does so many things.
Not very user friendly and intuitive.Very limited capabilities and apps.Good for viewing movies.Very limited language capabilities other than English and a few other languages.Apps are downloaded, but can't be found.
Great as expected great customer service. I've gotten this before and it's great
I bought this and onother one in blue. The kids love it.
No need to wait - this Amazon echo is ready to go with enough features today
awesome for this price i purchased it o thanksgiving for just $35
This isn't a great tablet. Obviously. It's not even a pretty good tablet. What it is, is a really solid tablet that, at $35, is basically disposable. I take this thing places where it might get stolen or broken, because if it does... I'm only out $35. Consequently I use it a lot more because it's not so precious. Also, the ability to download movies from Prime and watch them off line, makes this guy the perfect subway tablet.
Very satisfied with this item! Very user friendly.. even the kids use it frequently!
Great for reading books. Print is easily readable. There are a couple of font sizes to adjust to your eyesight, as well as different font types to choose from. It's very easy to change them on the fly without going deep into settings.It has nice features, such as dictionary, where you can quickly check unfamiliar words while reading, create notes, or write and read reviews.Getting books to the reader is straightforward as well. If you have wi fi connection, all you need is to create account. The selected books will be automatically transferred to your reader.If you don't have wi fi, connecting the reader with USB cable should be enough, but make sure if that works before you buy it.Battery charge lasts for a few weeks. You don't have to worry to charge it every day.The charger is not included though. Either you can charge the reader through your computer or buy the charger.Charger is faster and more convenient.There are a lot of websites offering Kindle books, there's a big selection of free books to choose from too. Public libraries, Amazon, number of various websites provide wealth of readings for Kindle.Overall, I'm very satisfied with it.On negative note, I wish the screen was a little bigger, as I don't carry it around, and it's not cheap either.
It does what it is supposed to do. I wanted access to the internet to download books and didn't realize it would not do this feature. I would onIy recommend if a person only wants to read books from Amazon.
Love the speed, voice search and content this product provides!!!
This device is a must have if you have a Amazon Prime account. Just say it and "she" does/play it, and its getting better. Worth buying!!!
I love what my echo can do, I get my news, weather and traffic from Alexa each morning.
Very good price for this tablet. It is a gift for my son.
Perfect gift for my mom who was homebound after surgery. Made the time go by so much faster!
Awesome product great value! I can stream from Netflix and Hulu and is much faster than the FireStick.
great sound easily portable around the house both inside and outside. the option to have it automatically respond without pushing the button was a surprise but a welcome one!
This Kindle Fire is very durable I believe that she can drop it a few times and it won't hurt it a bit so wonderful easy learn product for grandkids
This tablet, although small, can pack a huge punch. It holds charge really well. The graphics are very high quality and there are so many amazon apps for the whole family to use. Love it. I use it all the time. Definately a great buy if on a budget.
I like the size. Easier to travel with than my laptop.
Ok, my wife wanted this thing... I thought it was just another fad, Siri without the Apple... I was very wrong. The sound is amazing, streaming music as an amazing prime member is easy and the song selection spectacular. There are so many things it can do, and i have read home security will be linked in soon... worth the price.
The echo has a small problem in that it is a blue tooth receiver only. You can blue tooth your devises to it, tablet , phone ,or other devices. It would be better if you could connect it to a good quality stereo receiver that enable blue tooth. The dot can be connect to blue tooth speakers or blue tooth capable audio receivers. The Dot does have a small speaker in it so if it is not connected you can still use it. The problem with the dot is if you use the included 3.5 mm audio jack it disable the internal speaker. This means you have to have the audio component on to hear the Dot. However the blue tooth connection on the Dot works great. I own a Marantz AV receiver with blue tooth. I tell Alexa to connect and it automatically turns on the receiver, set it to the correct input and is ready to play music or any other audio I want to listen to through the Dot. When I tell Alexa to disconnect it turns of the receiver and switches back to the internal speaker. If you are buying an echo device for a high quality music server using Amazon music then you want an echo Dot.If you want to listen to average sounding speaker that you can place just about any where in your house the Echo is a great product.
I picked this up as a doorbuster for my father-in-law. He has an Amazon account and can watch the movies he likes.
I like this better than Apple TV. Easy to maneuver.
I am very impressed with the tablet. For the price it is great. Apps load up quick and look great on the tablet. The OS is easy to navigate.
Great value for the price. The kid loves it and compact so it travels well.
My five year old son LOVES his Amazon Fire Tablet! It was well worth the purchase price.
The teacher really likes this new tablet in their classroom!
It's great for my kids or anyone! The display is really nice
For $50 dollars I would buy this tablet 99 out of 100!
I have had a Kindle for some time and was curious about the Oasis. It did not disappoint. It is very compact, even with the cover, and fits in a coat pocket. I really enjoy the size and the redesign which brings back hard buttons. Great device for home or on the go.
Overall, this is a far cry from the more popular iPad, and is nowhere near as intuitive or easy to use, but as a less expensive option for my children to learn on it is the perfect fit. The price point is perfect for first time tablet users, though you will surely need to invest in a memory card to expand the storage capacity.
This tablet is small enough to pack but the screen is the perfect size for watching movies on the plane when traveling.
We are really enjoying this product so glad we purchased it
Right price my son loves it great for games and you tube
Great little reader and browser. Have only played with it a little bit, however the feel amd flow are very accommodating. The feature-rich operating system allows for videos imported documents as well as books do you have previously read. All in all I certainly would get another one or purchased one as a gift for someone else .
and it out performs some of the bigger name brand tablets out there. if you looking for a good video and somewhat customizable tablet at a great price do not pass this up.
This is not recommended if you have inpatient kids.
Easy to use. Easy on the eyes. We actually own 2. We have owned older version Kindles and this is the best one so far.
this great for catching up on facebook or going over email
Slow and has issues recognizing the sd card. I have enjoyed it however.
I have had several Kindles beginning with the 1st generation. I am an avid reader and I love that I can take my library with me. The Kindle Voyage is by far my favorite. The printed page is very clear and the lit page is wonderful. If you enjoy reading as much as I do, this is the e-reader for you.
I have been very pleased with the ease of use of my Echo. Easy set up. Great to listen to Spotify on.
This is by far the best streaming device around. My Chromecast was just given to someone free of charge. That was a waste of money. There isn't much you cant do with this. Couple this with a Prime membership and by by cable.
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite because my existing Kobo Vox e-reader could not be read in the sun, which I get a lot of in Naples, FL. Excellent e-reader!
Being that I am already an Amazon prime member, I decided to purchase this to make use of Amazon video. I replaced my Chromecast with the Fire TV and couldn't be happier
Fun and informative, very handy, great sound, worth the price
I bought this for my wife, Alexa is great. answers all our commands.
Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite is moe like reading a book page rather than reading on LCD screen.
I had no idea how great of a purchase this would be for my family period I am the father of 4 girls and this device is used more than any other device in our home. Because of it our home is filled with more music laughter singing and dancing than ever before.
Search engine could be better ,but fine for simple questions. Great for playing music.
I love this thing and bring it with me everywhere. My only problem is the backlight, hear me out I suggest this if your a serious reader. The problem is that reading a glowing page is off putting and one of the reasons I bought a paper white 3. Becuase I can't read on a iPad for but maybe 20 mins. But its not that bad I usually just turn it off becuase most of my reading is done in daylight. All in all great but not perfect. And if your into occult reads like I am be ready to fork out the $$$ for them. The selection does leave some to be desired but not bad. I give the kindle store for books a 3 out of 5. If your not a serious reader(3+ books a week imo) I I would go with a voyage or if you can stick to the iPad I would do that.
I'm enjoying my amazon fire. I've been reading great books, checking my e-mail and shopping.I highly recommend this product..value great quality great.You won't be disappointed.
This has allowed me to cut that nasty cable cord, which is nice to the check book.
I added to a "dot" purchase for my daughter, and she loved it! The portability and charge feature she really likes. Great gift!
Exactly what I needed
It's good for the low cost. Good one to gift. Does the basic job..
Has all the features I needed and more than expected. I opted for the 8gb but needed more due to the amount of space used for the many apps. Overall a great buy.
I got it for my kids and they love it they play with it every day
I decided I wanted to "try" a tablet for reading books and a little social media instead of using my phone all the time. I researched the Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 and settled on the 7 knowing that it is a low end device. The device is slick and easy to use, and the Alexa integration is really cool. But "It's a $50 tablet". At times, the performance is awful slow. I suspect it is updating content, say on twitter or FB. My complaint is when it is doing this, there are no visuals to let you know it is busy. I finally got on Amazon's chat feature, and several hours later, including several power cycles and a complete factory restore, the performance is the same. The reps at Amazon tried their best - and FWIW, I knew there was nothing they could do to speed it up before I contacted them, but I thought I would give it a try. So get this if you want, just be patient. Remember, "It's a $50 tablet". If you want better performance, spend more $$.
I bought two Echoes, one for my wife and one for me. I expected something along lines of Siri, and Google that could follow many commands. You have to say very specific commands to get a response. Also Echo cant distinguish commercials, when one of its commercials come on, it tries to answer questions when it hears Alexa. I have also been trying to set up my wife's echo to do phone calling, but can't pull up her page to setup the option but it is not there.We like it, but still trying to learn all it can do.
REASONABLY PRICED. HAS MANY FEATURES OF TABLET COSTING MUCH MORE. DAUGHTER REALLY LIKES IT.
Great to travel with . Overall it is user friendly.
We love it! Everyone in the house is able to use Alexa. Very user friendly. The instructions were simple just set up and start asking questions or making requests.
easy for my kids - 8 and 11 to use the kindle for night time reading
Really handy. Can check email, read a book. Also can access info on the web. Lightweight.
We recently dropped cable to save some money and this has been great. I literally can't think of a movie or tv show that I can't find on the FireTv.
This is what I wanted. Easy to use. Can read outdoors or indoors. Easy to add books that I purchase. I would recommend to anyone looking for a similar devise.
Got this for the family and we all love it. Great gift
I am very happy with my fire tv. It's makes me want to buy another to go in my son's room.
This is my second Kindle purchased. First one was 15 years ago and now the Kindle Voyage 2. I love my Kindle. You can read anywhere even outside in the sun. I read more than ever :)
Perfect for reading in all conditions with great battery life
My granddaughter Bella love this alexa so I got her another one for Easter
Alexa is now my BFF! LolShe keeps me company & entertains me with her jokes. Also reads my books & plays music without touching any button. Which I love the most especially when I am doing stuff around the house.
So much fun and can do tons of things. Great to ask questions and get info. Can even control temperature in the home as well as lights with added products.
My son love this tab and I recommend this. This is a great product.
The fire tv box is great, houses tons of apps and games. I like it so much I have a box on all four tv'shows in my house.
This is a great device if you listen to music in the house or have smart devices. The speaker isn't top of the line but it is plenty good for the average listener.
Me and my son love this thing and we use it all the time to turn the lights on and off in my house we have a lot of Phillips hue lights. The only thing I don't know why this thing will not change the color of them. But it will turn them on and off and set them at a low and high brightness
Echo is the best way to have any songs (over a million) with just one command to Alexa. All the many features make for a wonderful piece of technology enjoyed by all ages. So helpful and entertaining!!!Love it!
I bought it as a gift for my husband and he loves it! The picture quality & the non-glare is his favorite.
I bought a kindle fire 2 years ago and enjoyed using it, I always wished for more storage and better connectivity. This new model has both and I can use with my amazon account.
Bought this kindle almost 2 years ago and it's still going strong.
Can't say anything bad about it. Great price and a great deal. Does everything that my grandfather needs such as reading, internet and fun games to pass time.
Great product highly recommended it!! Ended getting two
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas gift for my niece and she loves it
Works well. It was easy to set up. My only complaint is that it's a hassle to load applications that don't come with it. I loaded Xfinity to go on it, and it was very difficult to use, as it doesn't fit the screen right. Great idea, too many glitches with new software. I would recommend getting a mini bluetooth keyboard. It was easy to connect, and works well with this.
If you don't care about live tv this will do great for you. Otherwise, can't ditch the cord yet.
We got this tablet for my son and it has been a great fit. The screen is sharp but the tablet is a little sluggish. Considering the price and that it is intended for children I think it is great.
I bought this tablet for my 7-year old grandson who likes to watch YouTube videos. For the price it was the best deal I got all Christmas.
Got it for the kids great find just the best first tablet
Have the gaming version myself but got the normal version for my sister. Can easily load any apps or games you want to run, provided they are android based. Great for streaming with a much higher frame rate then the stick. But the stick works fine for say the kids playroom. Recommend it to anyone looking for a simple and small system. Probably be a go to Christmas give this year.
Good product would recommend to buy it to family and friends.
My special needs son is constantly cracking screens even with a protective case. This device is cheaper then replacing a screen. An extra note You Tube app has a different colored icon on this device.
Next to the Amazon fire stick, this 4K fire TV is the best bang for your buck. I just downloaded a free app that allows me to cast whatever I have on my iPad onto my TV. If you want to save some money the FireStick is very good, just not as fast and no usb or SD slots to upgrade memory and download apps (or whatever) to.
My kids adore their tablets! Best purchase ever!!!
Alexa answers questions easily. I like tha she is always available. It takes a while to realize she isn't totally like Siri. alexa will give specific answers to questions like what's the weather today. Or play specific music. I Like that.
I have had every kindle since the first and this is by far the best. The screen was already great on the Voyage but the front light on this screen is more white and more evenly distributed. Physical page turn buttons are so much better than none or the haptic feedback type. They didn't include the automatically adaptive front light for some reason but I don't think I'll miss it much as I was always wont to fiddle with it on the Voyage anyway.But this device made me smile as soon as I held it for the first time because it has a larger bezel that you can really grip comfortably without touching the screen. Maybe this isn't a big deal for most, but that is exactly why I spent the money to get this device.The other thing I was hoping for was the ability to use the upper page turn button to go forward and this device does that and even better because it is software configurable.The cover is very small and light and doesn't add much bulk like the Voyage Origami case does. The only downside is that it doesn't work as a hands free stand for reading.(I still wish it was waterproof)
Every T.V in my home is running on this. Great technology, reliability and ease of use. Amazon owns this market without a doubt...had to move my appl# TV to the loft...needless to say :-)
We have enjoyed Alexa tremendously. We have the echo set up to turn our lights on and off, we use it as a timer and play pandora through it daily.
An exceptional product which can be upgraded with products in the future
(vs. Kindle Fire HD v.8.5) For the price, pretty darn cool. Lot faster than my old Fire HD. Don't like the display screen - to much app clutter. WiFi not the best for speed connection (tested over 4 connections). All-In-All . . for reading, kids, an easy device, and fast . . Yea, it is Good buy. Just don't expect miracle speed, a lot of bells-and-whistles, or anything fancy. I like it. IMHO.
Very helpful to use around the house and kids love to use too.
Needed a set of cheap speakers for a secondary computer. Couldn't get much cheaper and to my surprise they were easy to install and the sound quality is wonderful.
I just purchased this Kindle to replace my first generation kindle. I am so happy with my purchase. It is much easier to use, read, hold and charge. It is a worthwhile investment!
My son loves his kindle fire. He uses it every day.
Great for grandkids. Have times they can go on. I have 4 of them.
It does what it says it does. Straightforward to set up too.
Amazon typically makes good quality products for a decent price, so this tablet on sale for $35 was a no-brainer. Plus, it's easy to install Kodi and the Play Store without having to hack the device.
This is my third kindle and by far the best! Easy to use.
I love the kindle.. Reading is so much easier especially traveling and at beach
We enjoy asking questions, listening to music. Need to learn more of the things that it can do. Great voice recognition.
I bought the fire for my grandson and he loves it.
Happy with my purchase. This product keeps my nephew occupied for hours.
Out of the box this is a very capable media streaming device able to stream from most all of the popular media streaming services, but once Kodi is side-loaded and configured it is unstoppable!
Bought the fire tv box because the stick was a bit slow and hardly had any space. The box works great and i don't have any streaming issues.
A great product that spares me the hassle of having to boot up my lap top to charge my kindle.
I purchased Echo on a lark after being intrigued by several reviews. I already owned two Harmony remotes (one is an Elite) and several automated light switches controlled through an Insteon hub from SmartHome. I can now control most of my lights and home theater with voice-control. Streamed Christmas music throughout the Christmas season and great for getting the weather and news. Of course, all devices must be on the same Wi-Fi network. Be careful if you're an Amazon Prime member, Echo responds to everyone. Have been issues reported that children have ordered products on Amazon without parents' knowledge.
My children love this table great quality of pictures, excellent camera
In a field full of options, the Fire Kids Edition really comes among one of the top contenders. Great parental controls and great array of downloadable content makes this a great stepping stone into the world of tablets for kids. I see reviews that list battery life as a con, but at over six hrs. and for the price, what more do you need. I'm buying this for my four-year old and I'm not planning on her being on the tablet for six hours, let alone 8 or 9, which is what bigger tablets can handle. If you have older kids, perhaps you may want to consider a bigger, more powerful tablet. For the pre-school crowd, this is just a great tablet for both learning and entertaining.
Good Product a little hard to set up must be close to WiFi Alexa App is not user friendley
Upgrading from an older Kindle. Wow. Lighter. Crisper text is an understatement. Throw in the lighting and the new interface for page advancement. Pricey but if you want the best, you won't be disappointed.
Bought to use with PlayStation view as my tv provider. It works great so far.
Kids loved these tablets, and in not worried about them dropping them
Excellent tablet both for reading books and for going to the web
For the price this does a lot. Purchased as a gift for my mother who is in here 70's. She loves that she can play her games and download books to read when ever she wants. Great value.
Best Buy was running a sale on these and I thought I'd give it a try. I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. I'm an Apple guy so Siri has been my "go to" virtual assistant. I must say that I am duly impressed with Alexa. She seems to understand me better than Siri does. All the Skills and the ability to play music by just asking is really great!The fact that this is all available in a portable device that I can take with me everywhere I go is so useful. The Tap remembers both wifi and cellular hotspot connections so I can use it anywhere. Unlike its non-portable brother the Echo, you push a button to issue commands to Alexa. On the plus side, you don't have to say Alexa. On the negative side you still have to push the button. I understand why this has to be the case as it would not last long on battery power if Alexa was listening all the time. Amazon should issue a firmware update to allow Alexa to listen all the time when plugged in.The sound quality is good, not great. Other speakers in the $129 category sound better. But none have all the convenience of Alexa, Bluetooth, Wifi and portability in one package.I'll be buying more as Christmas gifts!
Easy to use and great for the kids. Lightweight and easy to travel with.
I really like this Amazon Tap. I use the 'Happy Hour' skill in my private bar room for mixing drinks and I the portability plus 8+ hour battery is great. I also use to stream my music from the Amazon Prime Music library. I would recommend this to anyone.
Easy to use, I'm able to move it to other tvs in the house and bring it with us on vacation
Pro -Inexpensive, compact device.Con - lack of protective covers
Speaker has good sound for small space. The voice command is in point
Does the job and does it well.
Works great and has an excellent screen size. You cannot go wrong for the price unless you need to install google apps. Amazon blocks them although I have heard there are work arounds.
Bought this for my son for Learning and fun we take it everywhere with us works great
I bought for my sister's birthday she really enjoyed it, it is very appropriate and fits her
My grandkids love these tablets.They are easy for them and they are having a great time with them
I have had so much fun with my echo and there are so many more things I want to explore with it. Love the weather reports, setting timers, playing music. My Wife has enjoyed it even my Mom wants one.
Excellent tablet! I purchased for someone in a nursing home and she loves it!
I bought two of these for my two grandchildren, ages 8 and 10. They love them. They are able to read books and play games on them. They were a great Christmas gift. So much so, that I bought a third one for my son-in-law and he is thrilled with it. The small price made it great for gift giving.
The Amazon Fire was a great price and exceeded my expectations.The picture is so sharp.
It's continent for my son but is too slow to connect to wifi
Easy to use. I would recommend to others! Have friends who will buy one!
Fire tv has great features and if one of the best boxes being sold
I was hesitant to buy this because I was not sure how I was going to use it. I now use it everyday! I listen to music, ask questions, check the weather, sports scores and more. It is the greatest think ever! I am just sorry I waited so long to get one.
This product blows ROKU out of the water! I would definitely recommend this to my friends!
I love my Amazon Fire TV box. I am using it with Playstation Vue, Hulu, CBS All Access, and a few of the movie channels. With these services and an antenna, I have both live TV and shows that I watch on demand. While it takes more effort to set up than cable, it is significantly less expensive.
Product is great. Plenty storage for lots of books
Usually, a $50 tablet is some cheap knockoff/no name brand limited capability tablet. For an Amazon tablet, You can't beat the price. If you're an Amazon shopper/user, this'll be a great tablet for your kid, an elderly adult in your care &/or you. For $50 (or less if you catch it on sale), I'll take the ads
I purchased 3 of these at Christmas time for my nieces and nephew and WOW were they pleased! Their Mom & Dads happy also because it freed up their phones & tablets. This is a quality product with a lot of apps for kids and adults alike. Do not hesitate to buy for any age!
Amazon fire has made a great product with this one!
I have had this for several weeks. It works great. I am very satisfied with it so far.
I got this box specifically for Kodi, and Amazon prime, and I have not been disappointed! Super fast and no buffering! Love it!
The tablet is really good for the price. Great deal.
Love it. Its fast..the visual is great. It has plenty of room to download games and books on it. I love the mayday feature on it because its helped is when we got stuck. My 3 year old can use it very easily as can my elderly parent. The processor is fast and that makes doing anything on it
Not much can be added to the already substantial positive reviews. I bought both the Fire TV and Fire Stick so I'll comment on that. The Fire TV is much quicker and love the ability to run Ethernet and USB right to the unit. The Fire stick is great for our bedroom but this Fire TV is best for main TV viewing.
I love that I combines a tablet and a reader!! I don't need to bring two products around! Tough to beat at a $49 price
is very good product and the difiitioin is very good thanks
Great for my 16 month old daughter!!! Great price!
This product has surpassed all of my expectations for these add on tv devices. I originally had a Roku and I have to say this is 10 times better. You won't regret purchasing it.
faster then the firestick tv version but not as portable, still a great product for streaming
It has helped me not need the cable company and their many unnecessary channels
I bought this as a birthday gift for my 9 year old daughter. Great gift and good quality! She hasn't put it down yet!
We switched from an older model tablet to this simplified Kindle Fire. For the price, it is a decent reader, which is primarily what we were seeking, but it has its limitations.The primary user in the house used it to read before bed. He feels the lowest brightness setting is still too bright, so he defaults his books/documents to black screen. However, words in italics default to the screen background, which means they are black. Doh!He also doesn't like the persistence of the Washington Post popping up on his Home Screen. He finds it a bit annoying. However, he doesn't mind the ads and suggested content from Amazon at all. it is just the Washington Post that he doesn't like.Beyond those minor things, it is an inexpensive and feature rich ereader. Being Amazon Prime customers, we share content between our accounts with ease now that we both are on Kindle platform.
Love the easy set up, and how easy it is to use. You have many different options for what to watch, with only a click of a button.
I researched several streaming devices but because of my experience with Amazon Kindle Fire and the reviews read for the Fire TV I decided to do the Amazon Fire TV. Set up was easy (the hardest part was opening the remote to put the batteries in!). Once everything was hooked up, the instructions and tips video really helped get everything started. The only negative I will say is that this product did not include the HDMI cable (other brands did) but that was explained on the box and by the sales associate. I enjoyed this so much that I ordered the TV Stick for my bedroom TV. (And have recommended this product to friends and co-workers.)
Great tablet for a toddler to start on! The parental controls can be fiddled with a little bit but good anyways!
Tablet is ok I just prefere Android products. I dont Like the fire just being tied to Amazon accounts and loaded with all their exclusive content. But its a cheap quality tablet
Much faster and stronger signal than Fire Stick, which I also love and is on my other TV.
Worked well as expected.
Sturdy construction, withstands toddlers use or (abuse)
kids mode is awesome...cheap tablet...packed with enough apps
This Amazon Echo is great and every day I discover new things that she can do.
I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues
I love this item and it's easy to use. I bought 2 of this already. Great gift also for your love ones.
amazing tab for a gift. right priced and the performance is great. it is really helpful for browsing and basic activities
Purchase the echo with my Vivint system because sales person pushed the product stating it would enhance the Vivint capabilities. Not really so...it's a nice gadget for music and putting together shopping lists and "to-do" lists, but not really something we needed. In addition, not enough apps that work with it.
Great for beginners I like reading on the beach and I like to read in the shade that it works and it works great
Great device. Everyone should get one. Great for the entire family with hours of fun.
My son is 3 and he loves this tablet. It is very educational and worth the money
I enjoyed my kindle for years, but was a bit frustrated by needing a light on at night. Kindle paperwhite is a dream with its built in backlight. Not only can I read at night, but it is easier to read in daylight if the light is dim. The convenient size, ability to change fonts, font size and light intensity are super features!
This is an excellent product, recommend to everyone
Great device. Much faster than the Amazon fire stick.
Got this for $35 on Black Friday. Has some built in ads on the lock screen and does not include play store. After replacing the system with cyanogen mod 12.1, it's amazing - fast, nice battery, great build quality, glass screen.... Can't ask for more for under $65 or $75 minimum.
This is one of the best presents ever. Can control the entire house with your voice.
My son loves this tablet and it was an amazing Black Friday deal!
Easy to use and lots of fun. Was easy to purchase.
I use this all the time. So much better than bringing out the laptop.
Very easy to set up and use works great on my non smart tv
Purchased 6 of these tables for Christmas presents and was extremely surprised with how well they work for the price. The Amazon environment takes a little getting used to but the functionality of the tablet is great for the price.
This will be your simple answer: yes, this will fulfill ALL of your cable cutting desires.I purchased this product after reading several reviews online, researching the specifications between this Amazon Fire TV and the Fire Stick (and their respective generations), and I planned my attack on making sure I fully cut away from the monopoly that is Cable/Satellite television today.Wow, not only did this completely replace my cable subscription with a company that rhymes with AP&P, but I was welcomed into an entirely new world of entertainment once I had this device up and running the way I wanted to. Which, by the way, the setup and installation is an absolute breeze, no need for installation manuals, guides, etc.Buy this, cut away from your overpriced cable, and get to entertaining yourself right now!
This makes reading really easy! Great gift for the book reader in your life.
Just as advertised. Stunning bright white HD font. It's easier to read than an actual book. My eyes do not get fatigued.
We were tired of paying almost $200/month for cable when noone was home all day. With Amazon Fire stick, we get to watch what WE want whenever WE want.
Love how it just makes our day even simpler. It's like Google for the home. Best addition of the year. I highly recommend.
The Echo is absolutely amazing, I have it controlling so many things in my house! And all tied to my iPhone
Light weight, easy for him to order the books he wants, and he has read 6 books since Christmas! He loves it!
I own an older model but wanted to get my relatives a good and fairly priced tablet and the kindle goes above and beyond. Great price on an excellent tablet. I purchased 3 and everyone loved them and they are easy to use as well! I would recommend to anyone at any age!
I bought this device and put it in my new theater room. I love the games and streaming. I have yet to upgrade to 4K through Netflix, but I am excited to try it out on here when I do. I am just waiting for a bit more content.
The best tablet I have purchased from Best Buy. Will buy more
So far this kindle works great. Have used it in the dark and on the beach and have no visibility problems! Very satisfied.
Don't hesitate to buy. Very user friendly platform.
My daughter loves this device. She loves to read and doesn't like kindles because she loves the feel of the book in her hand. But, this product offers her unlimited reading at a very inexpensive cost. And, it travels anywhere, is light, and just fantastic for her.
This is a great tablet for kids. I like the fact that it is not expensive, in case it is lost or broken. I bought a second tablet for my son and it works great!
For the little price I paid this was a good buy for the kids. I prefer the Amazon tablets for my kids so they can be more involved with reading.
Nice phone for the price. Would recommend if on a budget.
After plugging my Echo in and downloading the Alexa app the rest of the process was nice and easy. I just added all my music accounts and my smart home devices and from then on Alexa has been an amazing device. Anyone looking for a device that can help with home automation should get an Echo.
I love this product and use it every day. Easy to set up and connect to
Love it, it's very easy to use and great for travel!
Simple to set up. My husband isn't tech-savvy, and this was easy for him to set up.
I have wanted a Kindle reader for a few years now & I'm so happy to finally have one! It's so convenient, easy to hold, & most importantly it's easy on the eyes even when I don't have my glasses!
I bought this as a gift for my friend. I personally own 1 Alexa and 3 echo dots. This product is excellent, easy set up and easy to use. I would recommend this product over google home for one Alexa was the first to come out with this and a lot of tweeks and updates are posted in the email. I have my kitchen lights hooked up to Alexa and can use by dimming out my lights. Hope you will enjoy your Alexa as well as I did mine.
A little nervous about buying this product online since I always buy in store products, but this was the best service I could ask for. I was able to follow my order at anytime . The order was received quickly and without any hassles.
I can't say enough about the Amazon Tap. I enjoy playing music from it and that it's portable. I can play music from my Amazon prime account, Pandora or from my phone. It is fun to ask Alexa questions. Yes, Alexa cannot answer all my questions or find everything I ask for, but it is still amazing.
Super great deal! Can't get a tablet for this price anywhere! Kids love it!
I use it all the time for Television. It works quickly and has good quality.
Great entertainment value for my 5 yr old! Just wish it had more internal memory
I bought it to use outside to read. My iPad and android are bad in the sun. This I can actually read in the sun!! Happy
This was for my grandson and he loved it especially because of alexis app
Smooth operating system. It's no IPAD but good enough for the money. Purchased for the kids to eliminate abuse to our higher priced items. Would have no problems buying the item again at this point.
I was in line at a store where a elder women was trying to return a Amazon tablet. The customer service rep told her she used a charging block that had caused damage to the tablet and it wasn't covered for replacement. I happy to purchase a charging block that was made for my device.
I have a Chromecast and Apple TV, but have not used them since I bought this device. An absolute must - especially if you have Amazon Prime!
This is my second Amazon Paperwhite eReader. It is superb in bright sunlight or in a dimly lit room.
This is really an awesome and useful gadget. Even our four-year-old has learned how to use it effectively. And each week I get an email describing new apps and benefits on it. I can't wait to see what comes out next week.
I bought this primarily to be used as a Kindle eReader and this is a good product for this cost.. The only drawback is that I cannot access all the apps available on the Google PlayStore and have to be content with what is available on the Amazon app store.
Kindle is just like a real paper book. It also save my book spaces and easy to organize.
I was able to grab this tablet for $35 during black friday. I was surprised at how great this little tablet was for that price. I would definitely recommend it if you can grab for that great price.
I loved the price for this tablet good value for what my son uses it for!!
I love my new Echo! I use it daily. Great product!
I really like how small it is and the fact that the screen is in color.
This is a great speaker and easy to use. It is really user friendly.
Works like other echo but provides a different look to match decor. It was great that Best Buy actually had this in stock when other stores didn't
the tablet is okay its not like apple I pad don't cheat your self .
I bought this for a young kid so that she would be able to have her own device to play games on. She's been extremely happy and we haven't encountered any issues or problems with her being able to use it.
Works fine as advertised. Will recommend it to anyone.
Love the quality and price paid for this tablet. I use it whenever I'm taking the bus.
This device is awesome! Even better when it's in TurboMode!! Really love the hologram feature...makes everything so life like. Highly recommend purchasing this! Get It!!
I use it for audiobooks a lot of the time . It has a good clear sound. Very easy to download books from the library .The battery seems to last a reasonable amount of time.
Have had it awhile and still learning and adding to it's skills but so far it's pretty good. I'll be adding the additional home automation features soon so we'll see how that goes.
I am very happy with my purchase. The echo has been used every day since it has been in my home.
Is a great tablet for the kids to play games,learning stuff,you tube and cartoons love this table
Good tablet for book reading and audio books, many good apps to chose from. Very good for picking up e-mail when traveling. I'm still finding more ways to use it. Only had it about a month.
Ideal for convenient music playback when walking in at the end of the day.
Great for listening to music. Real nice sound. My 7 year old loves being able to control Alexia.
It's a nice tablet for the price they are. Got the tablet for my kids and they like it, the only thing I don't like is the battery goes out pretty fast.
Text is clear. Nice not to have the battery die every few days like a conventional tablet.
i have been wanting a kindle for some time and am very happy with it
This Fire worked great but I returned it because it was not the one I wantedBest Buy took it back for a full refund with no problems Best Buy is alsome
Right out of the box this will be a family hit for all.
I bought this Echo for my (senior citizen) father. Once set up, it is "no tech" entertainment and fun. He can ask to play music, ask for the time, weather, news, and even send me messages.It completely amuses him
This is my new favorite device. While not perfect, it's a lot of un to use.One of the features I like the best is the timer functions. I can start a timer for various items, while cooking, and Alexa will remind me when the timer hits zero. The best part is that, through IFTT, I can trigger Alexa to call my phone, or send a notification, if I'm not in the same room as she is. I do the same for when I'm doing laundry. I no longer have to go back and check how much time is left on the washer and dryer. I can even have my Hue lights to blink when the timer has expired.Right now, I have Lutron, iDevices, and Hue Homekit devices in my house. Through the Skills for each of these companies, the Echo found all the devices, and I'm not able to control all of them using my voice. Really great device to own and play around with.
If you have Amazon Prime this is a no brainer. I have a 2014 Samsung smart TV and this works much better for streaming. It has wireless AC as well as N and connected to my AC network without any problems. It can also be hardwired to your router if needed. I really like the HDMI out which I can feed through my AVR the out to the TV just like a blu ray player. Connection was as simple as plugging it in and connecting an HDMI cable to my AVR. 4K streaming is glitch free and the voice remote works very well, too. Easily worth the 99 bucks.
I think it's great and for people who aren't to fimiliar with technology is easy to understand
Simple to use. Backlighting a true necessity for me. Third Kindle purchased.
Good overall.............................yep..good
It is a great price for a basic tablet from a brand I trust. So far, it seems to be fine for the things I want to do.
Small and easy to carry in my purse. I like that I can change the page on the sides without consistently dirtying the screen with fingerprints.
The Kindle was purchased for my daughter. She loves it. She plays games on it everyday.
Disposable tablet, almost like a burner phone. Works ok, but need SD card, very little space.
Bought 2 for my Granddaughters, one is 5 and one is ten, they had the best time ever playing with them. You can control all access, so it works great for both and their parents feel secure.
Got this as a birthday gift. Fun for the whole family!!!
I love this this memory card. The price was good ty
We got this back in January for our apartment and actually use it on a daily basis. Mostly for playing music but can't wait to move into a house so we can use more of the integrated home features. Sound is actually really great! Very good quality speaker.
Bought it for my 16yr old for Christmas and she loved it...uses it to surf the internet and social media. Also uses it for movies and music. Great deal for the price, would recommend.
I wanted to find a way to stream The Grand Tour and the Fire TV works great. Our first streaming experience- very easy to use with Amazon Prime and high speed internet.
I purchased this for my wife as a Christmas present. She loves it, much better than the old Sony reader she had which had limited books and was much more expensive.
Its a good tab for the price. Would recommend it for entertainment or kids use only.
I purchased after owning a FireStick for a while, which is now moved to a different room. Works great so far and runs smoother than the stick.
Compact, great playback quality. Heard about this device through a friend and I love it. Clarity is great! Understands commands quickly and concisely.
It's fast and pictures are very clear,love it glad I bought it.
Great little tablet to do what I need. I mostly just surf the web and definitely use it for Netflix and Amazon prime. Big enough to be comfortable and just relaxing watching your shows
This is the ideal tablet for my 11 year old girl #1
Unsure if I wanted to get another kindle or an Amazon tablet. Very happy with my purchase. Easy to use and a great price!
So far it has been easy to use which is what i was looking for. The graphics are good and I love all of the free apps. I can get. The cost was great too!
The backlighting is great and it's much easier to read and turn the pages from the original Kindle. Highly recommended.
I've always been a fan of kindles but this one is the perfect size and weight to store in my bag. I'm very satisfied with this product #teamkindlepaperwhite.
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 4YR OLD. WE HAVE NOT TRIED IT YET AS IT IS A CHRISTMAS GIFT. FROM WHAT I READ THIS WILL DO THE JOB FOR HIM. THE PRICE AND COLOR WAS GREAT.
totally worth the money, has all the apps I use on a daily basis!
This is a great tablet for the price. It comes with amazon app store and has plenty of apps and selections. Don't miss this deal!
Echo is Ok, but I am just not seeing the product value provided for the cost. Many times Alexa doesn't understand what we are saying and is extremely frustrating to my wife and child. Speaker sound is good quality, but not at all impressed with the AI capabilities.
Our family streams movies and tv from amazon and direct tv now and this is great
For $50 this table was a no brainer. It's fantastic. Light, good battery life and I get the apps that I want/need.I am not a fan of the Silk browser, but I didn't buy this to surf. I bought it to read books and watch Netflix. It works perfectly for that. It's so good, I bought 2.
I bought this product for traveling for its light weight and paper like reading. It was fine with e-books, but I had some PDF file I wanted to read on it. I could load the PDFs, but hard to read. No font enlargable for PDFs. Plus, the screen is not very responsive as screens in tablets. I ended up return it.
The Ehco is awesome. I get my morning weather report daily along with the evening news as well. Plus all my music is just one request from Alexa away. The technology is amazing. Having a ton of fun with it. This item would make a great gift.
Love my Kindie Paperwhite - it's light weight and small enough to carry in my purse.
get the kindle during Black Friday where I think it's the only time kindle get discount. hesitate to get it for a long time since already have the iPad, but want to do more reading, so, why not
Hands down the best. I had a nook for years and rarely used it. I have already read 5 different books on the kindle and it's a much smoother experience.
Love, love, love the Amazon Fire Stick! Works really well and is easy to use!
I had one of the original Kindles for about 5 years and enjoyed it very much. After it was stolen from my office I got the Kindle Paperwhite. Other than having to get used to doing everything by touchscreen I like it even better than my old Kindle. I especially like the backlight. And, of course, having everything stored in the cloud meant I didn't lose all of my previously purchased books. I do wish it had multiple static pictures to display when turned off the way the old Kindle did.I do hope whoever stole my old Kindle enjoys their new paperweight because that is all that it is good for except for the books already on it. I had it locked down as soon as I discovered it missing.
Looking for a desent product , best buy had black Friday tablets for $34.99, what a great bargain. I had to buy four of them for my grandkids. Just the look on thier faces when they opened, was a great joy for me.
Purchased as a gift and my family really enjoyed it.
I purchased this for my self and it was just so easy to use. I never had one and now I can't seem to put it down.
If you're watching TV and playing games this is for you. Don't waste money on a iPad. This is great for reading too. Bought for a fireman spending long hours at the firehouse.
We got rid of cable so we bought this. I have to say I am pleasantly surprised. I do not miss cable at all!! My husband & I love it!!
wanted to keep up to date on latest technology ...
A great and a very affordable tablet. Very compact and i love it.
This is my second kindle. I think I overloaded the old one. My only complaint is my old cases don't work on it. Guess I'll just have to buy new!
Enjoy listening to music, playing games, getting weather, and hearing news updates while I am working in the kitchen. Great speaker. I only wish we could change her name... I have added the tap and echo to our home as well. Also purchased one as a gift for my son.
Alexa is great for keeping shopping lists,controllong my wemo switches and playing music. As good as Siri for trivia, but they still both have a way to go to become less frustrating. Liked product so much we purchased the dot for upstairs and it works equally as well.
Awesome tablet for the price. Great experience in store there to help when I needed it and not hovering over me while I browsed
I love my Kindle ,I use it every day and the size is perfect..
Very nice tablet. It does everything I need it to do
I love this new Amazon Fire HD. I have a 6 year old and I've set it up so that he has his own password and he loves to read all the free books available. The different shades of back lights are cool. If you purchase the new Amazon Fire HD, it will enhance your reading experience.
I have nothing but good things to say about the kindle! The Backlit screen makes reading at night very easy. I am a heavy reader and the battery still lasts for weeks!
I bought this as a light-weight alternative to an iPad for collecting and enjoying Kindle and Amazon Video products. When combined with the dedicated Fire cover, it's low price along with a very readable screen and the option for a Micro SD card make it an excellent choice for travel and time spent in waiting-rooms, etc., allowing lots of memory space for ones library as well as flexibility regarding how it is held or positioned.
The one button system, and touch screen gives me some problems. but I am learning.
Bought this as a gift for my mom's birthday. She really enjoys it.
Great additional piece to go with Echo. If you want a additional unit you can't beat this product and the price!
I purchased this as a gift, the kids can't get enough of it. They now enjoy reading more.
I picked this Kindle because I wanted the option to do other things on it besides just read. It's great if you're looking for a Kindle you have the option to do a few extra things on -- surf the web, check Facebook, check your email, etc. For the price, I think it's a good value.
I never owned Kindle before. I tried to just be content with a PW 2, but after close comparison in store, I sticked to the Voyage. Luckily, I haven't been disappointed so far.
I am happy with this product thus far. I like the size and the screen quality is just okay. I am use to the iPad quality of screen.
If you already have a Paperwhite then there is no need to upgrade. But if you are in the market this has an excellent display and quick page turns. The reason to buy a dedicated e-reader is the 3 week long battery life. Love it
Bought this device to stream movies and shows online!
It was purchased for me as a gift and I love it!!!
Great book reader. Works great in sunlight as well!
The voyage is light and has a battery life of Two weeks. In different light settings the Voyage automatically adjusts. My eyes do not get tired from bad lighting. Reading outside is no problem for the Voyage.
Love it. Good size for travel. Great features. No glare when using outside in the sun.
I still haven't used the camera, once I figure it out I will use it. I love the features on it. I use it for facebook mostly & emails. I also play some of the games on facebook.
Bought this for my grandchildren for Christmas as they were always on mine.
The Echo is awesome. It works like a champ and once you get used to the commands, you find that even a remote control is not enough. Highly recommend it.
I've had no problems so far, pretty good tablet for the price.
The Amazon Fire TV is a quality product at an affordable price. Less expensive than Apple TV and more capable with a good app eco system. Also able to stream UHD.
It's great for reading books. I like it because you don't have to buy real books anymore
I was looking for a small tablet for the front room to run my Sonos speakers. This works great. Just keep it right next to my chair and don't have to remember my phone or ipad
Love these firesticks its a very good device love the selection of movies.
I love this tablet, The internet on it is so fast. It is really easy to use.
I bought mine in store, I like having what I buy right away, so I didn't feel the need to buy it online, maybe that is why other people may have had a screen problem, could have been during the shipping process because who knows how well the shipping company treats the packages.I use it mainly for watching netflix, and reading books. I love it, feels like I have a kindle, and whats great about it is that its more than just a kindle so I can do more with it. I already have an iphone, and a huge laptop so I won't be using it for like everything like other people may need it for. So it is worth the price because before I was never planning on buying a tablet because I felt like they were expensive and since I already have a phone and laptop I didn't need it but when this came out I was finally happy to find a tablet that the brand is well known and popular.
When I made this purchase, it was for what I thought was a nice little gadget that would allow me to listen to Amazon Unlimited Music. I plugged it in and the setup was a breeze. I was able to get the Amazon Unlimited Music at a great price (only $3.99/mo if used only on an Echo product), and the quality amazed me.Then, I was in another room and decided to see how far this could pick up my voice commands...and spoke, loudly, a command to play music from one of my playlists, and the Amazon Echo actually heard me correctly...from three rooms away!So I started checking this item out a bit more. It now turns on my TV (I already had a Harmony hub), can use it to change channels, turn on Roku, etc. With just a few other smart home gadgets, this Amazon Echo can turn lights off and on all by voice commands. It can control a thermostat, turn on a coffee pot. The possibilities seem endless. When I purchased this Echo I had no idea it did so much. You know what else it can do? It can order items through Amazon by voice, add reminders to my calendar, make a shopping list for later use and even help me tune my guitar! If you have a large home, you can pick up an Amazon Dot, which allows you to access your smart home devices when the Amazon Echo is at the other end of the house. Forget to turn off the living room TV and you're already snug in your bed? Amazon Echo can remedy that with a single command if you use the Harmony hub. Want to set an early morning alarm? Just ask the Amazon Echo to do so and let it wake you to the sound of your choice. Having trouble falling asleep? Ask Amazon Echo or Dot to read one of your Kindle E-books or play some relaxing music. All in all an EXCELLENT product that not only makes life easier, but fun!
There is no substitute to the original Amazon Echo (tall cylinder). This unit has the turn knob on top for volume, has a much louder speaker, and is the basis of how Alexa was originally developed!
Bought i, was OK but don't use it anymore for the price it is good though
Christmas present for my kindergartener, she LOVES it!!?
Makes a great gift. My children love them and never put them down.
Great product. Speed and quality is awesome. Easy to use. My kids are able to navigate to there favorite programs.
easy to use and works well, benefits of amazon plan great
Absolutely love the Echo, I purchased 3 Dots also.
This is a great tablet with all the access you need. It has a decent resolution and can be used to play games, connect on social media, listen to music and watch movies.
Great product. Great for the beach or reading at anytime anywhere
I love this, the backlight makes reading in bed or low lighting easy. No need to keep the light on and my husband awake. No eyestrain
I was looking for a larger tablet than my 7" Kindle Fire and was on the fence that the 10" Kindle Fire would be too large. Much to my surprise, it has been an easy adjustment. While larger, the video viewing is better and the magazine reading is much easier on the eyes. Although I miss my 7" for my book reading as the 10" seems too big, I am happy overall with the new tablet.
This is a great tablet for what it costs. I mostly just surf the web on it a bit but I also watch netflix and espn type streaming apps sometimes and it works great for that too.
I got it just for my son and he can get on and play games and watch videos no problem, the parental controls are amazing and keep him in his specific apps
Good tablet for the price and for the kids to use. Can do a lot of the things they like and they can use it for school
Amazon kindle works great! Already reading lots of books
Was a great birthday present for my son that only gets to use it when it's absolutely necessary.
Bought my 11 year old niece and my 7 year old nephew one a piece for their Birthdays and they love it! Great Tablet for all ages and very user friendly.
Bought the new for Father's Day. Works well sometimes have to reset it to connect to Internet. All the apps are easy to access.
I use my kindle on a daily basis. It is a good size for reading in bed.
I tried the Amazon Fire TV after trying the Fire Stick, sue to the better ratings on resolution and the ability to hardware my internet connection to it. With these two features, the high definition in no different than what I had with Directv, which solidified this was the right decision. I now have 3 of them in each room of my home.
Bought two, one for each of my son's and they have had so much fun, talking to it, each have named their favorite name. Always wanted one, after going to a business meeting where one was demonstrated
 I needed a tablet to keep at the hospital during overnight stays so I decided based on price to get the kindle 8 and I am pleased I did! For only $89 the bright picture, sound, storage, and ease of use is well worth it.
Very easy to read and great back lighting. Discounted price was a pleasant surprise.
This was a perfect gift for my daughter, especially as she gets ready to go to college.
Purchased for viewing Amazon prime. Loaded a couple apps and set it to sleep. When I returned a few hours later it was stuck in a perpetual boot and was not recoverable. I will get another as I like the features and price point, just a little soured by this first impression. I'm checking that I would not recommend to a friend but am hoping this will change with the second one. to be continued...
The Amazon Echo is everything that's advertised: smart, intuitive, and has a plethora of information and features at her metaphorical fingertips. I definitely recommend this for anyone as it makes life a whole lot easier.
It is what it is. Awesome and basic! If you use Amazon and you need a small tablet, then walaaa!
It was easy to use, very nice picture and the quality is out standing, it is a little hard to hold but if you put it on the table it is a lot easier to use I would like to buy another one some day maybe upgrade to a different kind but overall it is worth the money that you pay for it
Got one of these for my 3 yr old nephew and 2 yr old niece. They are just the right size, durable and a good price point.
Quick to set up. Fully satisfied. I protest about you review min letters
I brought this tablet for my 5 year old nephew. For 50.00 He can stay off mine and enjoy Netflix and you tube. Plus it has parental control. Greatest gift ever!
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.
The Amazon Echo is awesome. It is VERY easy to set up. I mostly play pandora music, but it works with Amazon music and Audible.
I did not think I would prefer an Ereader to an actual book, but I do. It is easy to read, easy to pause, east to start back. I do feel that it is a little awkward to hold and ill be ordering a leather cover case.
This product is great my family love it. We would recommend this to anyone
Kindle Fire 7" is affordable for everyone!$! Love it!!!
got for a great deal bought 2 for the kids and they love them.
Got this as a gift for my grandmother and loaded it with games for her. Simple to use and easy for her once my son showed her the basics.
My daughter loves her tablet. Amazon has plenty of games for her to play. It is also easy for her to use.
I love the voice control, that was the main reason for the purchase. Works awesome if you have Amazon Prime Music. The sound quality is good, although if that's the most important feature to you, there are better speakers out there.
This is a great invention. It works really well with my security system, thermostat, door looks and interior lights. What a nice way to feel safe and impress friends and family.
Amazon Echo is amazing. It works perfectly in my room. Does the job done.
Love using the Echo to add stuff to my wife and my shopping list, turning on and off lights in our house, and for getting some daily news read to us! Soon will be adding an EcoBee thermostat so we can voice-control that, too!
Good product. Can add apps to it. Sister loved it.
I love this product. Great sound quality and at a good price
I purchased this laptop for my son and he was able to set it up himself. I recorded and helped him with passwords and documenting. Speed of the computer is average for basic web browsing and running programs. Memory seemed to hold its own and he was able to jump from different programs. With it being an i3 and basic memory, I explained to him how restarting it once a day would keep the speed up. He has enjoyed and used it on a daily basis with no issues.
I bought 4 of these tablets for my daughters. I won't lie I was a little nervous every at first because of the price, but they turned out to be awesome! My kids love them. I haven't bought their cases yet but they seem to be very sturdy tablets.
Great device! Has all apps avaliable in one box! Would recommend this for anyone!
Easy to setup and navigate, great product for the price!!!
its good performance and highly recommended to amazon users
My kids are loving their kindles and they are easy for them and for me to manage
I didn't think it would be that much of an improvement over the paperwhite but taking all of the advances together it definitely beats it. The cost is high but having that crisp of a screen is worth it. Obviously when you can buy a Kindle fire HD for less you have to be dedicated to the look and functionality of an e-ink reader for this to be worth it. If you love e-ink books and want a much better lighting solution than the Kindle Paperwhite this is the best option.
The Amazon Echo is an essential piece of technology to achieve the complete "SmartHome" experience. Two thumbs up!
My daughter loves the device. Only had it a few days
Easy to set up it adds entertainment while cooking
Bought to replace a work issued IPad. Some differences I've noticed:+survives repeated drops off the loft to the floor, unlike ipad+small, lightweight, fits in my small purse or daybag+cheap price means I'm willing to travel with it, take it anywhere, leave it at work unlocked- I don;t worry about theft like with apple devices-more limited apps available than ipad, but most major apps are there (but not my favorite list making app)-silk browser forgets that tabs were closed and always reopens to whatever page you've been browsing lately (but might make for a good accidental parental watch/ control to see what the kids surfed last)-standby battery lasts several days, active use all day, but not like my ipad, where I could leave it on standby for weeks, shorter standby battery life for the FireI use mostly for web browsing, social media, and Kindle books. no other cons noted.
Works well with kindle
The echo is simple to use and easy to set up and the speaker sounds pretty solid. It can control most wireless products in your house. It works very well with lifx, WeMo, and Hue products. I even got it to turn off the TV thru Harmony.
My son loves it for the music, I love it for the daily news flash. We love it!
This was perfect for my 4 year old. She gets all the apps she wants and it works great. Even dropped it a couple times and it ls still in one piece!
I've sat on my back deck and in the bright sunshine on a beach and had no issues seeing the print. Never thought I'd like an e-reader, only a real paperback book. But, I must say, I am sold. Very lightweight.
My kids say this tablet is great for their needs. The camera is poor, but not a big deal since they had no intention of using the tablet as a camera.
The box is ok havint Sean any 4K content on it yet
I purchased a fire tv a few weeks ago and love it. This device was easy to setup and has more features than I ever expected. The family is enjoying it.
Definitely not as smooth as hoped, then again for the price. But internet browser was really bad and you can't add chrome out the box
Bought 2 for our sons, ages 4 & 6. They love them and my boys are rough on everything especially electronics but these held up so great I ended up buying another to use as my work e-reader.
This came in handy when our computer had to go to the pc hospital. It was convenient, quick, easy to use!
The Echo has a great speaker compared to the Amazon Dot. I would definitely recommend everyone to buy one.
I have an iPad already. Just needed something that I can read books on. Found this on sale for $40. Great deal. Not the best for net surfing, but great for reading!
My mom is an avid tablet user and I glad she got what she wanted
Our entire family is enjoying the addition of Alexa to our home. It is extremely easy to set up - and makes searching for information and playing music just a few words away. Amazing technology!
Fire TV changed my life! This unit is awesome. I absolutely love it.
The Amazon Fire is a great value for the cost. It is a nice size tablet to take on the go, watch movies and videos and check your social media sites and email. It's a great gift also. Even for those who have iPads and laptops. Very convenient and I highly recommend it for all ages.
I love the Kindle, it is a great product. It reduces eye strain so I enjoy reading on it. This is my second Kindle.
Alexa is great addition to our kitchen. Still exploring all she can do. Easy set up through android.
I purchased this for my 12 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She is over the moon happy with it! She needed no help in setting it up and using it. She used gift cards to load books and has been busy reading over Christmas vacation.
Who would have thought you could get a tablet for $50? It's fast, fits the hand well, and is perfect for traveling.
Great tablet for the cost. Camera's quality is poor but other than that its a great tablet for the money.
I was a previous Voyage owner for a year but then left it on a plane (don't forget to check the seat-back pocket before you leave!). I was debating whether to buy it again but all the reviews I saw online said it wasn't worth the $80 premium - they're right.First off, the resolution is the exact same 300 ppi on both models. The Voyage does have better contrast but it's something I stopped noticing after 24 hours. The backlighting on the Paperwhite also isn't as even, as I notice it's darker on the bottom but again, I stopped caring after a few uses. The weight difference is negligible and they both have incredibly long battery lives.About the only time I miss the Voyage is when it comes to the page turn buttons. On the Paperwhite, I have to touch the screen, so when I'm lying in bed, I'm forced to use two hands to avoid it from falling on my face. With the Voyage, I could just press the page "button" and keep my hands on the border. Again, far from a deal breaker and something I adjusted to quickly.Overall, the Voyage is the better Kindle but not worth the premium cost.
My child loves playing with the Kindle fire. It is entertaining and educational.
Like the price and this a great kindle. great value!
Best bang for your buck for a tablet for a kid to start off with
This is a great product for those who have Amazon Prime as you can watch hundreds of movies free. A great addition to any TV
I like the size and quality of the picture screen. user friendly, and apps are good. nice to have a library at your fingertips.
I absolutely love this item, it is very easy to use and works well in my office
I have used the Kindle mostly for reading. I have downloaded books from Amazon, some free some purchased, that I have heard about for years and now will read. I have also read Manga from the Internet. My use of the internet has also included looking up gardening hints, animal care, and dog breed characteristics.
Easy to use for all ages. Easy to learn and use all the amazon apps. Amazon stands behind their product pretty well.
It's a great product, I would buy another for a family member. I do hope they lower the price a little in the future
I was a little hesitant in buying a kindle. I thought it would take away the feeling of reading a hard cover book. I love the kindle. I don't regret buying it. I love that I can store all my books on this device.
What can I say? It's Alexa. Not just a toy but a very useful tool. You'll find yourself using it much more than you think. Timer...check, To do list... check, Music... check. The list is seemingly endless so plug it in set it up (easy to do) and have some fun. Cheers.
It is great for reading, but that's about it. There are ads that are quite annoying as well as the slow speed of the device.
We bought this for my mom. She is very satisfied with this product.
This is a nice tablet with quality that I would expect from a higher priced unit.
Does what it is suppose to do - power adaptor / charger.Three stars because it's overpriced.
This was purchased for my older grandson, age 6, for Christmas and as I stated in another review it has had games downloaded on it and will be ready to use when it is opened by him.
I love that I can have the convenience of my laptop and my games in a small tablet.
Cool item for a great price! Purchased when on sale so was like $39.99! Great little tablet!
More poeerfyul than the fire stick same idea just bigger stronger and fastet
This fits perfect in my purse and love how clear the screen is. The price was amazing, didn't find it anywhere else close the the price.
Very good for my 6 year old boy who likes to play games
The hardest part is learning how to download the books.
The Amazon Kindle Fire is great for Amazon shopping. It offers games, music, movies and more that only the Kindle Fire, with Amazon, can offer. It truely meets a 4 star rating from me. The Kindle Fire has a very competitive price when considering other devices.
We can't wait to start using them. This item is a definite must BUY!!!!
It is a Great product and it was all I expected in this product.
The person I bought this for loves it. She had another tablet that was actually more expensive but she couldn't load apps or anything to.
I use the echo to control the lights and thermostat in the house. Syncs with other devices really easy and has a ton of other function.
Good for the price. Ended up returning it for the model up that had some extra features.
A bargain; this tablet is very affordable and the picture quality is very good.
I love the functionality of this Amazon Tablet. Bought one for me and one for the hubby!
I bought the echo in white. I think it looks better than the black one. Also bought a dot for the bedroom. If you get this and an Insteon starter kit, you can use Alexa to control your plug in lamps. It works well and I recommend buying it.
Screen size good for older people. Great resolution and easy to use.
From news, to music, to the weather and much more. The amazon echo makes mornings and showers a lot more fun! The voice recognition is best I've ever seen. Alexa can hear me from my bedroom while its stationed in the living room.
The paper white is easy to hold and simple to use. Downloading books is very fast. The screen is easy on the eyes and makes reading a book enjoyable.
Haven't gotten many devices connected but my thermostats are which is awesome to do.
The 4K model exceeded my expectations as far as a streaming media player for the home entertainment system. It is easy to use even for a beginner. I like the voice command remote feature which eliminates a lot of button pressing. There are a lot of apps availabe and it integrates with Amazon prime customers. Overall, I highly recommend this box to those who like to spend a lot of time in front of their tv.
This is a great tablet. My family and I love it. Lots of feature and faster than I thought it would be.
I dropped cable tv entirely, and I purchased this device to use with my sling box. It works wonderfully and is very easy to set up. It also integrated well with my harmony remote.
Really cool and the speaker is great for any room!
I didn't know much about the device before buying other than the fun commercials. I figured that it was internet connected and could do anything I asked it to. I quickly learned this is not the case. You aren't able to just plug it in and expect it to know everything on the internet. It seemed it didn't know know some basic questions. It uses skills where are like phone APs. You have to enable each skill in order to use it. When you want to use a skill much like an ap you have to remember the specific skill and then Include that in what you ask it to do. It seems like it does home automation well and basic functions but it has a long way to go before it's a know everything on the internet
I only have an older ipad to compare this to, but there is literally no comparison. The Fire 8" tablet is lightweight, connects ultra fast to wifi, has an easy-to-follow automatic set up, and comes with tons of features that I'm only beginning to explore. I wasn't expecting this at all! I'm a total convert especially because the price is so reasonable, too.
I have to admit, I have not used the Echo has much as I should. But anytime I use it I really like it. I simply forget to use it. What I do like is using the timer.
I have been an Apple user and this is my first Kindle as a gift from my husband. I am impressed with the display. Great price point. I don't like the ads that I have to put up with. I didn't know I have to pay to remove them. Thumbs down!
Great new tablet as always due to new techknowledgy
Overall I like the Fire HD8 tablet, hard to beat at that price point. Sure the more expensive tablets are faster, brighter, better, but for the money and casual surfing it is just right. Good companion to Prime Membership, wouldn't be half as good without.
I enjoy reading on my paper white Kindle. It is easy to learn how to use it. It fits nicely in my purse and is light weight. There are many font choices and you can make the print large.
This is a great item to have. Integrates well with different home security items.
My grandkids loved getting their own tablets for Christmas
This item is a deal at $49. Does everything you need for simple Internet browsing, email, social media and also takes great pictures!
Bought our fire on black Friday for $35, and bought a 64gb SD card for it for $15. Now we have a 72GB kindle fire for $50. You cant beat that. We haven't had any issues with it at all.
This was perfect for my son! He loves it and loves to read.
it was a good purchase i dont regret to buy it; it is great for readers, and those who play app games. It is a little slow sometimes.
Fire is still a good tablet and a great tablet for the price.
I purchased this for my daughter, and she loves it! I love the user friendly parental controls!
Hard to find any gripes for this device. Serves its purpose brilliantly. The backlight is excellent, and the built in dictionary is great.
Alexa is very fun and helpfull. I do wish she could search and understand better. You have to ask questions the correct way. But still fun for kids and helpful around the house for shopping and music.
I purchased this tablet for my 4 year old daughter and its FANTASTIC! Its durable and very user friendly! Love all all the free educational games, movies & books!
Amazing sound quality, many different features. Great for all music types.
Bought as a reading tool for my daughter. She enjoys it and also the fact that she can download apps. Great tool for school and fun
Neat new tech. Kids love it and we use it almost every day.
Great for small children allows for limited time setting. Also allows parents to set a requirement for how long educational apps must be used before free time. Case works well
I love my kindle paperweight! It is great upgrade from the kindle touch
a high quality experience with more choices all the time.
I got this as a second Kindle e-reader as well as an educational and leisure tablet. I also have a Kindle Keyboard; I thought that I wasn't going to enjoy reading on the Fire because of the back-light, but it is very adjustable and has a setting to turn the blue-light off for reading at night. I also wanted my kindergarten students to be able to use it educationally; it has a kid mode with great parental settings and an option to pay $2.99 a month for tons of awesome content!
A very handy device to have with you when you're on a budget and an active Amazon member. Works wonders as a Prime Member!
Awesome kindle fire. Great features and durability. Free shipping sealed the deal.
Awesome for the kids and a great price....does the same as an expensive one
Very satisfy with this device. It does everything that I want it to do.
Bought this as an adjunct to an older Kindle and so that I can also access four email accounts easily from one place while traveling. Screen is bright and makes reading easy. Item is small enough to get into my carry-on bag and I can pull it out and read emails from my personal accounts and my business accounts. I have also purchased the extra memory to download more movies.
I think it's good for a first tablet. i m use to the Ipad so this is taking some getting use to.
Great tablet for kids to play games and watch videos.
My granddaughter love this fire for al her games. We also downloaded a music app for her and she is so happy with this. So many things she will learn how to do on this tablet.
This is ok for kids but the camera is not bright enough.
Just using this for music so it does what I need it to do. Would give 5 stars but it falls asleep faster than I would like it to.
bought for my 7 year old it has held up to her expectations which at times might be higher than mine as kids show far less patience.
Expandable memory up to 128gb. Amazon kindle/prime benefits. Small portable options with stylish accessories from a name brand as opposed to some unknown Chinese alternative. I choose Amazon everyday of every week at this price point.
I can control lights, music, shopping lists, and I am able to get my news read to me, get the weather, and order items from Amazon without ever touching my computer. So much fun.
I would buy another one for the priceGood product
Purchased as a replacement for a Kindle and it functions well as a Kindle and a tablet.
I picked this up Oma deal of the day. Took a little learning, but man is this thing great for travel! Does backlight reading and plays my digital movies. Great all around tablet!
This Kindle Paperwhite 7th gen. Is perfect. Along with it and using Calibre software I can do anything with it. Very impressed.
Easy to set up and use. The grandchildren, my wife and I all had a lot of fun with the echo.
Great e-reader, has a built in back light for reading in low light and in the dark.
Lightning fast no but still a great and inexpensive way to get the latest book release and maybe to check the news. Price was unbeatable
Bought for my son for Christmas and he loves it. Easy to use for a beginner
Good for a starter tablet for the kids. Love the parental control option
great product, i would recommend this product to family and friends
Wow says a lot. We are already prime members and love the normal benefits, but this box added to the list offering a huge selection of things to watch.
MY children love their new Amazon Fire Tablet. Quality picture and sound.
Our Alexa stopped working so Amazon customer service suggested I try purchasing a new adapter. It arrived and fixed the problem. It was a much cheaper, and easier fix than I anticipated. Very happy with this product!
Love it. My second Kindle. Carry it with me all time. A crazy reader's favorite.
Want to try one and Best Buy put up the best price. Th tap is good for usage on the wifi network. Use it to play music outside around the house.
My little girl loves this tablet. It keeps her engaged and entertained. It comes with a protective case that protects it from falls and the handlings' of kids. You can download apps and with parental control you are protected from your kids accidentally making unnecessary purchases without your knowledge. Great tablet for kids!
Sleak littoe device for the price for normal everyday use.
My whole family uses these tablets. We love them and with Prime it is awesome.
It has a lot of free games plus all of the books I read. It's awesome, I don't even use my phone as much h because I have my tablet. For the price it can't be beat.
We have enjoyed using the Amazon Fire tv. It is similar to Apple TV and roku but nice if you have a 4K tv and Amazon prime
I bought this tablet for my son. He damaged the previous one but it was good for his purpose. He loves to play the Minecraft app and can read a book with ease. I don't have a tablet for myself. If I did, I would get the Fire. All I would really need it for would be to surf the Web and use the apps. For the price, u can't go wrong.
Great little streaming box. Better than the fire stick.
I use this daily for playstation Vue, constant 60fps and it looks great.
A great product for my kids and great learning apps at the app store
The product is very nice. It is very useful and the battery life is great. It crashes every once in a while but apart from that it is an excellent product to gift to someone due to the convenient price!
the kindle fire tablet was easy to use and very simple to set up. Great tablet
fun to play with ask questions get weather traffic reports or listen to music
My high school aged daughter just wanted a small tablet to watch Netflix and read books. This tablet is the perfect fit and I don't have to worry about her carrying around her expense iPad to school. I'm thinking about getting one for Grandma too.
Nice little reader that is well built and I really like the backlight!
Great product.i can stream almost anything.Netflix Hulu, you name it.this product is the best.
Great tablet for reading and also surfacing the web, along with your favorite social media apps!
I bought this for my mother in law. I have a Kindle and I absolutely love it. Perfect if you only want a tablet for reading books.
I gave this as a Christmas gift and my friend really likes it.
I thought about purchasing a Samsung tablet also, however I do like to read as well. I saw several reviews that have a negative view because of the Amazon software and that it is not stock Android.However, I have installed the Play Store (you can find instructions online) and I am very happy with this tablet. I would definitely recommend it. Also I have had 10" tablets before, and this one is just the right size.
Hands down the best ereader available. I researched several devices and it came down to the Paperwhite and the Voyage. There is a pretty hefty price premium for the Voyage. Most people will probably be very satisfied with the Paperwhite. I typically need reading glasses to read regular size print. On an eReader the font can be adjusted to make it large enough so I don't need to use the glasses. That means less text on each page and many more page turns. The physical "buttons" hep make the page turns easier and extra light brightness helps to add contrast to the text. These were enough to sell me on the Voyage. It was the right decision and I love the device.
I use it all around the house. I move it upstairs and down. With the upgrade firmware you don't have to tap. Just say "Alexa." Good sound, but not as good as JBL charge speaker. I bought a 2nd one as a Christmas gift.
Bought for my daughter and she loves it. Keeps her busy for hours.
First of all I'm amazed I could buy it from Best Buy, while Amazon says it will be in stock on December 1st (in more than a month from now). Best Buy is indeed the best!The Voyage itself is simply fantastic. The size is right, it's very lightweigh, quite zippy, text is super crisp, and I love the auto-brightness feature.
It's a basic tablet, nothing fancy but great for its price.
Got it on Black Friday sale and it works pretty good. Nice Hd quality and ease of use.
This tablet is a steal at this price. I would dare say it offers more per dollar than a high end tablet.
I am extremely happy with my purchase. The kindle is very fast and the screen is clear.
I like the product. It works great. It is just what we were looking for. However, we had to sign up for the Amazon prime membership just to set up the account to actually use the product. We were not prepared for that.
Alexa is like my personal assistant. She does it all! And keeps me company when I'm bored. Still learning new features but this is the coolest thing I've bought for myself in a long time!
This is small and lightweight which makes it great for road trips.Easy to read.
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet and reader. Everything you need in a tablet at a much lower price.
Best reader pad, comfortable and light, recommended for reading and studying.
works well worth the price good quality product have not had a problem
Love my new kindle, thought the screen would be too large but after using it a few days, all is good. Very thin , got a case for it, I now feel at home with it. Do not like the "new" lock screen lock to open the tablet at all, its tiny and hard to "unlock" most always taking several times to swipe it just right.
Its an okay product. It is geared towards amazon users. Doesn't have apps that roku or apple tv have. I got it for the direct now and it froze every time I used it.
This is the fourth Kindle I bought as a gift. Perfect for any occasion.
I really enjoy my fire stick . Has a lot of movie entertainment for the family.
I also have a Nook Glow but I miss having buttons. The "squeeze the edge" for a page turn is what sold me.
Fire TV works great for movies and tv shows. Download the KODI APP and open up 100s of movies and shows.
Great reader for the price. Good battery life. A little smaller than I expected but is well built.
It exceeded my expectations and recommend this product to friends
Unbelievable price, and everyone loves it (I Bought 6 for gifts)
Price is awesome for what you get. For surfing the net and shopping it works perfect. Not the fastest but does the trick!
I got this kindle as a replacement for my daughter's other kindle whose screen was cracked but still functional. She loves it and she loves the OS. She doesn't really miss that it's not HD. I didn't get an SD card yet but since she has most things in the cloud it isn't really necessary at this point.
Pleasantly surprised with the Amazon Fire tablet! Have used many apps on it and the dang thing works like a charm. For that low of a price I really think I got my money's worth out of it. It's great for watching Hulu and Netflix and Amazon prime of course.
Highly recommended.Good quality product very good for streaming your favorite shows and movies.
Bought this to use to read my textbook on trips when I didn't want to carry my laptop. Fits what I needed perfectly. Lightweight, and the battery is lasting a long time. Easy to set up.
On the down side, I don't have a smart home yet, so essentially this is just a talking clock for my bedroom. On the upside, it is SUCH a COOL talking clock! The potential for apps and websites I use to extend it is quite breathtaking. So far, I've used it to: - Play music from my Amazon Music account - Read audio books from Audible - Play music over Bluetooth from my iPhone - Play live radio from TuneIn - Play brief news reports from the BBC, PBS and The Economist - Add items to my grocery list (from OurGroceries) - Check my budget (from YNAB) - Check my Amazon order status - Buy Amazon products I've bought before - Checking the time in different countriesI'm looking forward to integrating it with more smart home toys someday!I'm not sure it's worth full price at 180$, but Best Buy currently has it on sale for 90$, which is a great price! I hope my meditation app gets on it eventually, and that some day they incorporate notifications in a smart way to it.
Very good microphone. Wife gets annoyed with kids having fun with it.
Works good and great price, great for books or music on the go
Processor is relatively slow, but it is functional especially for mundane low intensity task. Only board memory can be enchanced with Micro SD cards.
If you want a good tablet and don't want to spend a lot of money, I recommend this. Well made and reliable. I have one for myself and bought one as a gift.
The Amazon Echo is great. Good speakers, works as advertised.
My first tablet experience and it's awesome. I love being able to stream movies and have numerous apps at my fingertips.
My mother-in-law loves her tablet! I purchased it at a great price as well.
Ever since I had my fire TV jail broken and programmed, I can finally cancel my cable subscription. Everything I once paid for on cable, my fire TV (KODI app) does for FREE!!!!!
Easy installation and operation. It took about 10 minutes from beginning to watching.
Super and funIs work in my xbox one sMy light insteon
The Amazon Echo is very useful for all sorts of things, like playing music, telling the time, doing arithmatic calculations, etc. etc. Paired with a smart plug, you can tell it to turn lights on or off (for example.) All this is great fun and the Echo is adding new "skills" to its capabilities every day. The Echo has a decent speaker for music. Highly recommended!
This product is really good.. this product does everything it says.... you can watch hull,Netflix,penthouse,hustlers, Showtime,HBO,you tube the streaming is unlimited.
Much better than the echo dot, was able to buy this for$99 promotion
Delivers as advertised. Very fast performance and the kids love it
Easy to use and setup. This product does amazing things..
Excellent Product.The Fire TV is the all around entertainment unit that continuously keep improving. I have it Paired with the Echo. Truly enjoyable.
You get a multitasking tablet for an incredible price!
I have been very hesitant of cutting that cable cord, but I decided to buy the Amazon Fire TV and test it out. I cut the cable cord the next day. Well worth the purchase and the savings from not having cable tv.
I purchased this because I previously has the kindle paperwhite but it had died. being kind of limited on funds but needed a kindle due to all the books I read I opted for the fire. I love it. I'm able to see the covers which entice me to purchase books so I remember books easier than before. I also can do more things on the fire and the price is $100 less than the paper white kindle...
I absolutely love my amazon echo. It is very convenient and handy.
I found the Fire TV to be a great buy!! I love it and take it everywhere I can. Note that Prime TV does not work in some countries overseas, Netflix does so we still find a lot of things to watch when on the road. You can rent movies on Amazon (paid) but no Prime unfortunately. Other than that and if you are in the US, no problems and highly recommended!
This is the product to get you can watch movies, tv shows, play games what else do you need come on go down to your local best buy and purchase one right now
Bought for my mother in law and she hasn't had any issues with it. Runs her games and internet browser fine.
Just got this for Christmas so I haven't got to use it a lot. Can't wait to learn more about it and use it more.
I was looking for a Good tablet under $100..this delivered..getting used to Amazon apps LOL
Great table for kids. Easy to use. Good Parental control.
Nice portable speaker but wish the sound quality was better.
The Amazon Fire TV is a superb streaming device! It is by far the best streaming device I have ever owned!
Good product that does the basics. Too bad for the price and you have to buy a specific light control or security system to make this useful.
best servives grate people and good prises im very happy
I love it. It charges quickly, great display. This is my 3rd kindle, and it holds its own in comparison to my other two. Now I have one downstairs, one at bedside, and one to travel. The grandkids love them too. Now no more arguing when they visit over who gets to play.
Love my purchase of my Amazon fire Hd 8. It was a very good experience
It is fun to read with the dictionary and footnote at your finger tip. The key benefits is the easy reading with the background light, would not drain your eye after hours of reading. Ordering books from Amazon is easy and cheaper than buying the hard copy. Love it!
So I was excited to get this when Best Buy started caring them. The thrill for was short lived. First week was fun to use it for music, weather, cooking, and jokes. But after that I lost interest. Attaching to my Hue lights and Nest were a longer process to make it work. I'd rather pull my phone out. Plus with a 2 story house it is useless if not on the same floor. Maybe I'll buy it again or a 2nd version when its released
Not quite as accurate as the commercials imply, but good for music and "parlor" tricks like asking sillly questions.
Great sound for such a small speaker, learns from what you tell it.
So far it is really cool. If your big on Amazon shopping. Also Alexa understands what I'm saying. Alexa is always getting better every week. Love how it plays music for me when I want it to. Great by Amazon. Get one! :)
I bought two of these tablets for my twins (8 yrs old) for $34 each on Black Friday. I thought $49 was a bargain for this tablet. My kids have really enjoyed them. I was pleasantly surprised with the picture quality and everything this tablet had to offer. If you're looking for a basic tablet or one for your young kids, without spending a lot of money, this is worth it.
Works as well as any of the other more expensive tablets. Resolution is great and size is practical.
Great product and my tablet was delivered to my home within the dates promised. Process was very easy and had very knowledgeable staff who helped me.
Someone recommended this to us for the 3 and 4 year olds. We bought two as gifts. Best Buy had the best prices. Kids love them and so do we!
It's fast and easy to use. This is my second kindle fire .
Great features if you're looking for a reader and not a tablet.
The Echo overall works good, still needs an update for voice reconitiona and giving directions.
From weather, news, music, an Uber ride or anything else it's right here! Just ask Alexa!!! Easy set up! My favorite gadget!
Great stable tablet for kids. Throw in a guard for the tablet and your kid will have the same tablet for months together
I bought this tablet for Christmas as a gift. He enjoys the tablet & has been using it every day. It is well worth the money. Easy to use. Especially for a beginner.
This item was so great for our TV streaming needs we went back and bought another one for the other TV. Only down side is the remote is so small it is easy to lose. *beep* Alexa tell us a joke.
Purchased as a door prize gift given with a one year Amazon membership. The recipient loves it and says it performs very well. (As a past Amazon Fire user, now i-Pad graduate, I loved my Amazon Fire for more than 4 years without any problems. In fact, I just recycled it on to my son and it runs like a champ).
Nice device not bad on sale. You get what you pay for.
I love my purchase Would recommend it to my friends
A brilliant tablet that has further raised the bar for the rest of the competition
What more needs to be said. The best low price tablet out there. This is our 2nd one and it is easier to use. Our I Pad Air has more features but cost considerably more.
I haven't signed up for Amazon Prime yet, so haven't gotten to experience the musical aspects yet, but have with friends' Echoes and really liked theirs.
Works great couldn't be happier! Puts out great sound!
i just adore my fire 8...the features, size of screen, easy log in and graphics
Like these tablets they were gifts. I bought it for someone in another country
This tablet is a great tablet for a great price. It meets your needs of a tablet -from Internet surfing to reading your favorite books.
Bought this fire for my wife to replace one which got accidently broken.great
It was given to my friend as a gift. I hope he likes it.
Purchased this to get a lighter tablet. Also to update our my old tablet which had a replaceable battery. This is all around lighter ,thinner and easier to handle. HD is a good upgrade and can't beat the price for comparable tablets with same features. my wife reads on it daily and loves it. I am probably going to search for another one.We have the 8" and I would like to try a 7" if it were available.I like to try different size devices to see how I adjust same way with todays phones.
This is a neat device. It wasn't something I really thought I needed, but the family thinks it's pretty neat!
Good gift for my grandchild. She loves it. I'm a little unhappy with the navigation of the tablet from exiting a screen to return to the home screen. Especially when wanting to exit a game or video screen.
Great tablet that can be used for kiddos and those not great with technology.
Must have!!! Movies, sports, and much more at the click of a button (you must have wifi to use)
Been waiting to get ALEXA for years and not disappointed yet. It has A lot of features already and I like the fact I get weekly email about new features they are still adding.I would rate a five but nothing is perfect.
this made a nice gift. iam sure everyone would like to receive one
Wonderful product, seemed operation. No buffering even on a slow dsl connection. I will recommend this to anyone.
I bought the Fire for myself and it is user friendly. We put some games on it about 1 yr later for my daughter and she actually can navigate it pretty good. So we bought her her own Fire which she is proud to be able to listen to music and play simple games.
Great assistant and fun to use. Keeps my shopping list and controls my hue lights.
My 6yr old son loves the tablet!I plan on purchasing another Fire tablet!
love it, I use it for everything. sound quality is really good.
Did not need a large tablet,just something to use in my spare time.Has all the features I need,from books to games and can also axcess my emails.The price was very good(under $50).
Good buy! This is the best streaming device out in the market today.. Its really worth every penny
I read many reviews before purchasing. I can see why it has such a high favorable rating! The picture is clear and crisp, even when not receiving a SHD signal. Set up was quick and easy. I love the streamlined remote. I'm going to really enjoy this for the Superbowl. I would definitely recommend this tv to anyone.
The Echo is like the iPhone when it first came out. It is something you don't know you want/need until you get it and then you realize you can't live without it! Alexa is quite good at voice recognition and once you get it set up, you can: play music on demand, get weather, news and traffic info, order items on Amazon, control connected devices and much more. I am an Amazon Prime member and opted in to the Amazon Music service. What a treat to ask Alexa to play a specific song or only a certain type of music on demand. So much more I am still discovering. "Alexa - Connect to Bluetooth" is also great. The Echo is great sounding on it's own as well. Buy them on Sale and give them as gifts!
Great e-reader as claimed and reviewed by others. Will buy again.
Purchased after reviewing online, and it has lived up to all expectations.
I failed to ensure that this kindle had LTE, as well as wifi access before purchasing it. As it turns out, it has only wifi access making it difficult to download titles on vacation. It's still a great product, I just wish I would have gotten the LTE version.
I got this for my husband because he only uses a tablet to read and occasionally look up items he's interested in on the web. It has been perfect for the light use he puts it to. He doesn't have a lot of knowledge about using computers etc. and this allows him to read, play simple games and check out guns and other things he's interested in without having to learn how to use anything more complicated.
Not disappointed, if you want good screen for movies, this is it
I really enjoy using. Loads fast and responsive. Good screen
I had the Fire Stick, but upgraded to the Fire TV so run Kodi. Works great
it's wonderful. I love it. It's easy to watch movies, play games and read books.
Bought this for my niece for Christmas. She mostly uses as ereader and checking email.
This is a great tablet. It has amazing storage. I use mine daily. Great for reading, surfing the web and games. The one small thing I don't like is Amazon prime shows are a bit dark for some reason. Hulu and Netflix work wonderful.
First time buyer of an Amazon tablet and it was a great decision. Very easy setup and my mom found it easier to use than the unit it replaced.
Nice and easy on the eyes, lightweight. What I take on trips to read outside or at home anytime.
it is a great product. I would recommend this to a friend
I bought this for my wife and mostly she wanted it for the touch screen and the back lit screen and finally after owning three different kindles she loves this one! She wears glasses and finds this one to be less strenuous after hours of reading. I would def recommend this kindle to anyone.
Leapfrog is a great learning tool for preschoolers and beyond my grandson loves it
The echo can't natively control my tv and the intermediate fixes for this don't work well either. The Google home has similar shortcomings but more base when playing music which I prefer. Other than that, it really is pretty great
Delivery great handling and use for those wanting a natural reading device instead of the glitter of some technologies
I actually started with an Amazon Echo Dot to see how the whole thing worked without having to spend a lot of money. I was amazed at how cool and useful the Alexa system can be. We were using one Echo Dot to make lists, check the weather, set calendar appointments, set alarms, and even play rainstorm soundtracks to help sleep at night. My birthday was just a couple of weeks ago and my wife got me the Echo as the main Alexa hub in our living room. The built-in speakers sound pretty good for what they are. Definitely a huge improvement over the Dot's built-in speaker, but even the Dot has a nice sound for as small as it is. We now have 4 Echo Dots and the Echo to control all sorts of WEMO switches and outlets around the house. We already had a NEST thermostat which integrated nicely and easily. The best thing is that Alexa understands all of our different voices... even our 4 year old. He can now turn his bedroom light on by asking Alexa to do it so he doesn't have to be afraid of the dark! It really is a very cool and convenient system. My wife thought it was silly at first, but she actually loves it. It's great for playing your iHeart Radio and Pandora stations too!
This is one if not the bes streamer ever it has aGreat picture
Pros:- Amazon Prime works on it.- You can still sideload apps, like Kodi.Cons:- Not a good upgrade over the original Fire TV, is worse in some aspects.- Remote buttons are hard to press (compared to original Fire TV)- Remote loses connection frequently and takes several button presses or removing of the remote batteries to fix- Interface isn't as snappy as the original Fire TV- Same interface as the original Fire TV: There's still no good way to sort your apps or locate the Prime content that you want.- Voice search seems about the same as the original Fire TV. Alexa adds nothing significant. You still can't use it to search in 3rd party apps, like Youtube.- As for video decoding in Kodi, performance isn't much better than the original Fire TV. You will be able to play HEVC content at 1080p with no problem, but 1080p .264 hi10p (software-decoded) does not play well. There's simply not enough power. 4k decoding is hit-and miss. It needs to be specifically coded for this Fire TV (low bitrate, low fps) to work properly.- Overall system performance is bad. When sitting idle, the CPUs spike up to 60% usage and memory is at 60% usage. The OS is not well-optimized.I'm not confident that Amazon can fix these issues in a timely manner and their competitors are releasing their media players soon, so I'll likely return this while I still can.
This tablet was purchased for an older relative who just "had to have a tablet". Amazon has a lot of free stuff to download!!!--Set up was a breeze--Great Tablet and greater price.
My wife and kids love it. Easy to use. Great for the price.
Best Streamer. I use it for sony vue and to works great. This my 3rd Amazon Tv.
Appreciate this modular option for directly charging a Kindle.
The Echo is easy to use and lots of fun. I even bought one for my parents. They love it too.
It's a very cool device to have and control home items by voice. It's limited to its capabilities but updates to include things you wish it did like the recent add to calendar reminders and alarm. Love cutting on my lights on by voice (beats the clap on lol). It does have a hard time of hearing sometimes and I have to repeat myself and holler sometimes like its my kids.
Love kindles , perfect for games and books , the colors are great
Easy to read even in bright sunshine. Simple to set-up and use. Long battery life.
Item works as advertised. Need to understand apps to get full use.
The product was just what I was looking for. Got it on sale made it a deal I could not pass on. Enjoy having Alexa in the living room.
This is great tablet for reading purpose. Easy to download, surf and read the desired books with great text quality. On top of that, it comes with affordable price.
Bought 2 for kids taking a long flight . It was perfect size for movies and games. Easy travel size
Fast, lots of content. Right step towards cutting the cord.
Its just enough for my 3 yr old. Enough storage space. Easy to navigate through.
I will buy another one. Very convenient and portable.
This has everything we were looking for as far as apps and games go. Easy to use and set up.
Ok I need to learn how to use it I would recommend
I've enjoyed the original Kindle (with keyboard) for many years, and it was finally time to upgrade. The light is great, and I use the page press buttons exclusively. Very happy with the size, weight, and appearance of this product.
It's simple to instal and use. I cannot believe how they can develop those kind of things.
Echo has been a great hit with my children as well as my self. Ordering is so simple it is saving me time.
This tablet is amazingly awesome. It looks like its price, cheap, $39 at #BestBuy but it does all that I need it to do which is streaming music and movies. You can setup multiple users including a child profile with parental control.
Very nice product. Works great with my tv. The menu is simple and the software is very responsive.
Otherwise, I have really enjoyed my Kindle Fire and use it all the time. Love being able to read anywhere. Also watch movies on it with good resolution.
wonderful, I have 3 more at home, worth the money.
Does exactly what I wanted. Highly recommend for an inexpensive travel reader.
We bought these for our kids and they really love them
This little treasure was found on Black Friday. Just what I needed as I had lost my old one. Great resolution on videos and easy on eyes for reading.
Amazing battery life and beautiful screen. My friend I are all like it.
Works well. Will recommend it to all my friends. Will buy it again
Great stocking stuffer , we love giving this little number as gifts every year
Love this product. It is nice looking, easy to carry, and the sound is amazing. Very easy to set up and connect to amazon echo. Nothing to complain about th he speaker itself. However the carrying case is kind of stupid and useless also. One has to take it down just in order to charge.
So far I love this tablet especially for reading. The battery life has also been good
The Kindle Voyage 6 is better than the real thing. After wearing out a first generation Kindle in our home, we knew we wanted something with versatility of the original with a few added features. The background light is a big plus as it allows my wife to read at night without having to keep the lights on. It's a great ereader at the right price.
This is a nice reader that we gave to our granddaughter. She enjoys he children’s books she can read and we enjoy the limited Wi-Fi capabilities.
No longer have to carry a multitude of books when traveling. Makes travels do much easier
It really is helpful to have this tablet around. It's really good for its price but the camera isn't so good but it still is a great deal.
I thought there would be a bigger step up from the fire stick. Honestly, if you want to save money, just go with the fire stick.
Bought to use with PS Vue, no issues so far. Would be nice to be able turn it off when not streaming.
Was looking for a 4k streamer and was trying to decide between the Roku 4 or this. I had recently ditched my cable and got Playstation Vue for my programming and this allows shows to stream at 60fps. If you get this I also strongly suggest cutting your cable cord and getting Playstation Vue also because this streams sports better than any of the others
Purchased this so I can use Bluetooth headphones with it. Works perfectly! I use it everyday!!! Awesome buy!!!
Had high expectations. Alexa can't answer many of my questions. Setting up music hard as heck.
Very fast response to the different apps and looks great with my 4K tv
Love the paperwhite! no glare- easy to hold. The built in light is also great for night reading. I had the Kindle app on my Galaxy tablet but never used it because of the glare.
For the low price, this tablet does the trick! Compatible with many apps such as Facebook and Kindle.
Bought this for my 8 year old. He loves it and it's very simple to add the perfect parental controls!
We got this tablet for our son to use in school and it's perfect for just that. At the right price too.
I am looking forward to getting to know this product better. it is not as plug and play as I thought
I bought this primarily to play music and control remote outlets I have around the house. It works great for both things!Alexa, play my playlist. Alexa, turn the fishtank on.It's terrible at specific search type questions, but I don't use it for that.
Great product. It was on sale and I didn't think it was going to be great but it was
Nice tablet for the price. Very easy to use and understand.
I had a firestick but broke it so I upgraded to the fire box. I love it
Smart, timely, very effective around the house. I have a Dot as well but the Tap has MUCH better sound. I had a Google Earth and replaced it with the TAP because Google was not as smart as Tappy!
Works great for getting info and weather. Good for playing music also
I have three of these. They're great. But for how far along this product is, there is still a lot it can't do. And some of the things it can do only function after a very specific command. That being said, there is a lot it CAN DO! Especially via third party apps. Yea, some of the skills are useless. But it is worth the money for a smart home purchase.
Easy to use and integrate with Nest and Philips Hue. I like that new features seem to be added frequently.
At first the kindle launcher was super annoying. But once i rooted and installed nova launcher, this thing is great. For 33.00 i should have bought 5 of these.
Since today society is hi-tech savvy, it was only right to get this for my 4 yr old grandson. It's an awesome tablet!
Had a paperwhite for years...The fire is my go to for news, new shows, and reading. Good book prices, credible news. Loving it.
I love this little speaker. It is small enough to carry it wherever I want to bring it yet loud enough to be heard The Alexa interface is pretty cool as well. The only issue for me is that it doesn't connect with Apple Music. This issue is easily resolved by putting Tap in Bluetooth mode and playing Apple Music through my phone to the Tap
Echo and Alexa are so ez and do so much....more than I can use but much I have to learn. AWESOME. THANKS
Great for kids its durable and lets them play games etc.. so they leave our cell phones alone LOL
not a i-pad that's for sure, but doesn't meant I don't enjoy it. If you have amazon prime membership - this is a no brainer. its not so preciousness allows me pass it to others without the stress.
Amazon always make a great product. Long lasting device that never over heats or cuts off while in use.
It's a learning process google home was friendlier and changed the color of my lights but echo is pretty funny
My kids love it. I think I will buy another one for myself. Holds a good charge, loud and pretty durable to be inexpensive.
I love the fact it is a small unit takes up almost no space and has great features
Love the abundance of media outletsAvailable.love it!
Great size for my 3 and four year old to handle even with the cases. Cases also durable
I think that the Amazon Kindle tablet was a great purchase for my teenage daughter and grandson, very easy to operate. It kept them entertained for hours while we were traveling on the train for vacation.
Great product. I use this for shopping list, which everyone can add something as they use the last one, as well as music.
Just what my kids needed for a road trip. Easy to setup. Love it
Works very good and fast!!! Great screen resolution.
It's a good tablet, mainly because I order so much off amazon
love my alexa. had no idea how much it could do besides play music
Kindle just keeps getting better. This device is the perfect size to pack away for a business trip to kill some time reading a book or even uploading your documents to access them quickly.
They love themOne of the best gifts they have received from usWe are going to purchase for ourselves
It's fun being able to ask Alexi questions. There is a lot she can do, but it takes time to figure it out unless you are tech savvy.
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter so she can have something to play with and more importantly, to be used for her school as it's being technologically driven. Large screen and good graphics. It's great for what she needs. Parental controls are great for restricting access to accidental purchases and setting curfews so she can no longer use it at certain times w/o my code. I give this 4 stars only because the camera isn't that great. In low-light settings, it gets very pixelated, plus there's no flash.
the tablet was on sale for a good price, and they had enough in stock for the CHRISTMAS season> grand children were thrilled.
Really love it. Great display but not crazy about ads but still getting use to it.
I have one and bought my daughter and mama one. It's perfect for games and to down load books
I like Alexa a lot the speaker is amazing I use it for my home stereo. We also use it a lot in the kitchen for recipes!!!!
I had bought a Nabi for my granddaughter and she finally broke it. Out of warranty, I just fugured I'd purchase another one since she is familiar with it. After reading reviews, decided kids are pretty sharp and can pick up new things quickly ( she's 4!). She had no trouble with it at all and my daughter says she loves it! So far no complaints from a technical standpoint.
Bought it for young granddaughter for Christmas. Husband liked it and bought himself one.
My husband has been a kindle fan from the first generation. This one was purchased on Black Friday for a discounted cost and using BB points. So, it was a great deal for a Christmas gift given to my mother in law. Great intro level tablet and for someone who reads more than works on their tablet.
I wanted to buy a Tap when it was first released. I have several Echo's in the house, but having a portable Alexa enabled device is awesome. Unfortunately, when it was first released, the tap could not be operated hands-free. I held off purchasing one because I was afraid Amazon would wait for new hardware to add that feature.Earlier this year Amazon enabled hands-free mode, and it works almost as well as the Echo, despite having fewer microphones.Sound quality is very good. It's a small speaker but very capable. Battery life is excellent. This is currently the most flexible implementation of Alexa and I recommend it.
Best investment I made. Will buy one for every tv in my house
I'm in LOVE with ALEXA!!
I bought two for my grandchildren , 5-8 they both love them , easy to work .fast, and has excellent parental control feature .
I purchased this Kindle for a friend. In fact, it's the third Kindle I have purchased for friends. It's light and can be used at the beach or in the dark. It's easy to use and worth the money.
Very easy to set up and the whole family is have alot of fun with this great product!!!
I started our with just the Fire Stick at home. Once I purchased a 4k TV I decided to splurge on the Fire TV. I'm so glad I did the one thing that annoyed me about the stick was relying on WiFi stability and now I've ran an ether net straight to my router so problem solved.
I love the kindle. I have had 4 versions now. (None of them broke down, I just upgraded) The new one has more storage space and handles everything I want to do. It is the perfect size and easy to carry. The Fire products are just a great deal.
Turned older TV into a smart TV. I wish a hdmi cable would of came with fire stick, as it does the cheaper fire stick.
Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.
So impressed with the battery life on this! My phone's battery is almost dead in the morning, but this thing can play music for 8 hours and the battery just goes down 20%. :)
The process of creating profiles and tweaking parental controls was easy and painless.
It's a fantastic device.Really fast, super quite and I never have any issues with the remote staying paired like I did with my NVIDIA shield. So I highly recommend this device!
We have had so much fun with the echo! Playing music, sending texts and asking questions! Anyone that comes to our house talks to Alexa!
The Fire HD8 strikes an excellent balance between performance and price. It has many of the features you'd want in a tablet for a fraction of the cost. Works flawlessly for reading and video streaming.
The Amazon Echo is the first smart home purchase we've made. So far she's been quite a bit of fun. She's not so smart all the time, we tend to "Alexa, Wikipedia ...." we love listening to Audible books, and prime music. I have my Google Calendar synced and she tells me upcoming engagements. She understands very well for the most part, as expected she doesn't always understand what our 5 year old says. Amazon is constantly updating what she can do. We'll eventually get more smart home items, (light bulbs, thermostat, etc) . So far she's been fun to have around.
For the money good deal. Nice to hook up to cell phones.
Just what I needed.
BOUGHT ON BLACK FRIDAY FOR MY DAUGHTER, SHE THOUGHT I PAID 100.00 MORE FOR IT. IT DOES A LOT. SHE LOVES IT.
Good gift for my kid. Screen is a little small. Wish they have a bigger size
Good if you like movies and have prime membership.
BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT FOR A FAMILY MEMBER - THEY ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT - USER FRIENDLY - HAPPY CAMPER WITH THEIR NEW AMAZON FIRE 7" TABLET !! :)
Love the safety features for parents to protect their little ones from some content on the Internet. Love preloaded programs
I bought this on Black Friday for my wife and she loves it. It's build quality is good and doesn't feel cheap, it has a decent front and back camera, the interface is easy to use, and there's plenty of games/apps to add hours of entertainment. I feel like the screen clarity could be better but for the price; you can't complain. :)
Compared to Roku provides more flexibility for those who like to use these units beyond standard. I don't give 5 stars because the interface is okay, but I much prefer Plex's looking view.I was going insane with my slow Samsung "Smart Hub" tv on my second TV... purchasing this was a good decision.Overall I recommend these units.
Great for the price and easy to install and use. Learn new stuff everyday
This is a great buy I would recommend to anyone looking for a tablet.Plus a year free of Amazon prime
Great! Fun! I wish it was wireless I understand the Tap is wireless but why wouldn't everything be wireless.
Easy to use and good interface, had for almost a year and still works fine, can easily upgrade memory.
The whole family enjoys using Alexa. My son even ask Alexa for his assignments lol
Runs kodi extremely well, the on board apps and services are great too. Really a top of the line media box. Can't utilize 4k yet but some day!!
I bought a new 65" Visio and it doesn't ha e the smart tv that is integrated. Now you have to use a tablet which would be ok but I have to sync all the time and it is annoying. Amazon fire tv is awesome, much faster than the integrated programs on the TVs. I love it, allowed me to cut the cable.
My Grandson uses it all the time. It was a great choice!
Guys this is Suuuuuper Fast! Forget the fire stick, UPGRADE YOURSELF. You are going to fall in love with it.
i brought this for my house and i love this fire tv! i can watch just all sort of internet things on it! best thing i have brought in a long time for TV.
So far the 1yo loves it. I thought it would be too much, but no.
My 5 year old granddaughter cannot put her Fire tablet down. My granddaughter plays a variety of games and watches videos. She loves her tablet!
It is an awesome tablet. I purchased one for my granddaughter for Christmas.
Bought it for hubby and he loves it. The micro SD slot for more download space is great for movies and games. It also allows him to remote him in to his computer when he is away from home with an app.
This e-reader fits very nicely into my library of other electronic devices. It works great.
This is my son's and he loves it. It has nice picture good speed and he uses it all the time. My only regret is it didn't get 1 for myself.
II like that you can undo Emails, if you accidentally deleted them.
I love mine because it's lightweight and I can take it anywhere
Small, compact and perfect for travel. Able to be read while the sun is shining directly on it.
You can't go wrong with this Kindle! It's a super price and a great Kindle! It's great for reading or surfing the net!
Kindle fire is extremely easy to use. The protective foam layer is awesome.
Bought it for my mom for Christmas so she won't use up all her data on her phone. So far she is really enjoying it and likes the screen size. Great tablet for someone who is looking to just begin.
My wife uses this daily for weather, traffic, cook timer and music. She loves it
Great tablet. Perfect for my 8 year old son!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this tablet for my 6 year old and he loves it,so do i.
The Good:Great for music playing, and lighting control if you've bought Hue lights, or smart switches. I have the WeMo switches and they work pretty wellGreat for some control of Amazon's Fire stick TV.OK at answering general questions, but not amazing. Alexa is often stumped...Still... its's pretty cool to speak, and have your house react around you...
I saved $85 per month on my cable bill using the Amazon fire TV. And even though I signed up for Amazon prime, Netflix, and sling TV, I still saved $40 per month and have 10 times as much content and choices. I love it! ( I also recommend using Plex media server to stream all your content directly from your computers to your big screen TV. It's free! )
I upgraded from a kindle HDX 7 to this HD 10. I am pleased with it so far. The HDX will be hard to replace. I had it for 4 years and loved it. The 10 is a little bit slower but I have more time than money. The cameras and WiFi have been upgraded. Overall pleased with my purchase.
love this and the prospect of using it with other integrated products like nest.
We absolutely love our Echo!! Not only do the adults enjoy it but so so the kids. The various reminders you can set are really cool! Not to mention you can keep track of your grocery list, have it tell you jokes, the weather and so much more.
Works well though I ended up getting the HD8 because of the bigger screen as storage.
Let's be realistic on two fronts about the Echo: (1) I'ts fun to play with, a novel idea. (2) There are some serious flaws and if you doubt me you can try these yourself. Ask Alexa these three questions:(1) "What is the Customer Service Number for UPS?". You'll be told the phone number of your nearest UPS store. No matter how you phrase the question.(2) "Alexa, what is the current humidity outside?". You'll get the days weather report no matter how you pose the question. Seriously, it cannot even provide the Humidity?(3) "Alexa, Who makes the 747 Jet?". You'll hear "Hmmm, I'm not sure what you meant by that question. So throw in a clue with "Alexa, who makes the Boeing 747 Jet?" and you'll hear the same answer. And this product is alleged to go out to the web to pull down information from Wikipedia, et al?(4) The reproduction of music is egregious at best. Read anywhere on the Internet and you'll see this mentioned time and time again. It's very, very bad. Imagine a 1960's Transistor Radio not quite tuned well..(5) The voice quality sounds like something from a Commodore-64 back in the 1980's. Another very common complaint you'll read about in reviews.This is going back tonight. Not worth the $179.00 and I feel it's slated to go the route of the Pet Rock (for those who remember it).
Excellent addition to my wife's craft room for music and more...with her hands busy in the craft room, Alexa allows music choice and volume (and a lot more!) on a hands-free basis.
I Bought alexa for my children and find myself using it more.
I bought the tablet as a gift and I helped set it up. It's a pretty good product for the price. It will mostly be used to read books for which it works really well.
Although my young grandchildren love it, we are disappointed. Many of the questions we ask Alexa, she can't answer. They weren't obscure questions nor complicated.
My granddaughter loves it uses it a lot helps with her homework
Best product ever!!!!! I would buy another and another lol it's great for everything music movies etc
Best purchase of 2017. If you don't own one of these devices, you need to!
I have more than one and am glad I ordered another. You can never have too many USB chargers.
Much better than it he earlier Kindles no more messing with lights
We bought this for a handicapped friend. He is bedridden and can now access the world.
On my opinion I bought very-very good toy for the people who loves play with technology of the future.. I'm really enjoy when I demonstrate it to my friends and they are impressed. But unfortunately it is not useful for most of the standard users. As I said in a most cases it's just a "GOOD TOY"...
Was told by family fire tablet. was best had opportunity to play with one went. Immediately to purchase one,then to find out it was on sale I was happy. February I will purchase Comcast or Netflix for. Birthday. From Best buy
Once you learn some of the invocations - it becomes easier to have Alexa reply to your command/requests.
i like the features it has and it is easy to navigate.
This is amazing for the price. I purchased this for a teenager and he loves it.
Amazing! Cheap! Easy! Fast! The best all in one media device ever created!
still have s long way to go but is good for a smart house will love to get her on spanish lol ,need way more .the idea is great the funtions are to but need more to be a 5
Bought a couple of these for gifts. Great for all ages. My 60 year old aunt loves it as does my 12 year old nephew.
Like the hardware. Both box and the remote control is very aethetic and nice to use. processor is fastest by the time I bouth it and still fast enough for my system. Liked that I could install android apps.I wish they implemented NTFS for the microSD card file system. It is limited to FAT32 that limits a file size less thn 4GB. No power off switch is another bummer. But overall I chose this over Roku 3 (or even 4).
We have books and learning apps on it he loves it. I think that it's all around good tablet for kids or adults
I bought the Amazon stick and box due to many people telling me how great it was. Well I've had no better experience than getting this and watching as many movies and TV shows as I want for free! Just upgrade your wireless Internet package and you will love it.
Nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice
Why pay additional monthly tv sevices from cable company where i can watch movies and tv channels from internet using fire tv.
I got this tablet for my cousin and she loved it.. My kids already had one so i knew she love it.. they are great for kids all ages my youngest got hers when she was 4 and she is 7 now and its still going lol.. she has dropped it and everything they are great tablets I have nothing bad to say about them..
I've found this to be an excellent tablet for children for the following reasons:Free Time Unlimited- You can create individual profiles for up to five children, and they can have access to a wide assortment of age appropriate apps, videos, and books. If you purchase the Kid's bundle a year of Free Time Unlimited is included with the tablet along with a shock absofbing case.Price Performance- You get a relatively powerful tablet for the $49.00 price tag. If you subscribe to Amazon Prime this tablet becomes a great travel companion. Prime allows you to download movies and TV episodes to your tablet for later viewing. This is a handy feature for me since I travel for work, and spend a good deal of time on planes. Cons: The only drawback I've found is the Web browser. It's not supported on in flight WiFi, but the ability to download from Prime for later viewing balances that out. I will experiment with side-loading Chrome and see if it works.
Exactly what was expected. Ease of setup is a definite plus and you can't beat the price for a streaming device.
I bought this for my wife for her birthday. She is a huge music buff. This thing makes me wonder if I will ever buy music again. Tell it to play anything and it will. It's worth a purchase for this reason alone and it does so much more. Awesome buy
I love my Amazon Echo. I use it for my lighting, to play music, shopping lists, timers, information and the list goes on. Makes simple tasks a little more fun. Love getting my shopping list on my phone!
Great tablet for my six year old. And I the parental controls.
For the money I highly recommended it. It is great when linked to Netflix, Disney Movies, etc
I love Alexa! She has been a great addition! Would recommend her to anyone
I only use it for display mirroring but it will work for other things that it's intended to do. It works good.
So far fire tv has been just what I expected, works well, gives me what I wanted,
I can move my fireTV from set to set and room to room with no problems. It works great for my needs.
I purchased 2 I share one with 2 small children also purchased an SD card games shows movies books galore the expandable memory is the best
this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
This tablet worked great for keeping in touch in with my wife's mother up north. Very easy to operate.
This is a very solid device for under $100. The screen quality is great, and performance is hard to beat for most typical use. I needed more power to run some very intense apps, like Litchi for controlling a DJI Mavic. So if you are looking for a Powerhouse you should look for something with a bit more processor and atleast 3Gb Ram.
First time using Amazon Fire programming. So far my child and I love the apps and programs. I really love the parental limits and time limits I can set. And that I can set learning and reading limits before play.
Echo needs more skills , and third party applications and customizations and bluetooth audio multiform simultaneousSo far happy with this product
If you enjoy reading you will not find a better device. Excellent price for a product of this quality
I love this product, I have one Echo and 3 Dots in my home and they work perfect with my smart home hubs and other products. I highly recommend this product.
Great product like just as much as the fire stick great
My grand-daughter was able to immediately understand how to use this tablet. The operating buttons ( on and volumn) are easy to use. Great tablet
Easy to use and is handy to have. It is not small but not to big either.
Very inexpensive, good size and weight to carry, added a 64 gb memory card and I have everything I need, from books to videos.
I use it mainly when I am traveling to read books, watch movies, listen to music, play games and check email. Works very well and does everything that I need.
Amazon fire Tv Great product easy to use it's a direct plug-in to your router or Bluetooth
This 8 inch Fire is definitely better than the cheaper 7 inch. It works fine enough for teens to play games and watch movies.
Fast processor to run my kodi. I love it. I only use it for that.
Overall I think it was a great product. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
it was a good buy for when the had them on sale. I use it as my travel tablet
Love it, easy to operate. Very reasonable price - on sale.
we liked bringing the latest technology into our home
I didn't know how well he would do with a full blown tablet, but I am shocked at how well he navigates it ON HIS OWN. He does get stuck from time to time, but a few times and key words and he can pull up apps, close them, pause and play movies etc by himself. His vocal skills have improved and he is saying and identifying letters- and it has to be because of the tablet. I'm impressed at how well it holds his attention. His letter understanding (he's 3.5) has transferred off screen to the physical materials we use. Plus, it's a great motivation tool. I love it, and he does, too.
My uncle loves this tablet and its easy for him to use it, considering his age and lack of knowledge of technology devices.
There was a "black Friday" special to purchase this tablet for $33 and really could not pass this up. It is intended for a toddler in times of "crisus". We don't have amazon prime so really it is useless until the money is spent. Product itself is fine.
The amazon eco is extremely helpful and allows to enjoy numerous things, especially music.
just a litte slow but other then that it was great
Bought this as a gift for my daughter. She had a very old kindle that wasn't working properly. She loves it.
An OK product. Bought on Black Friday for $35, you get what you pay for. Runs slow at times, good for simple tasks.
The echo is great for reporting the latest news, weather and playing music.
Me and my family love Alexa, she is very important part of our day.
We love! This was a great buy she's so helpful with everyday stuff.
Got this Amazon Echo because it was half off the regular price. It was a fun surprise gift for my family.
The Echo is a big part of our home life now. And just getting all the wireless home devices attached, it is a keeper. Buy it.
I purchased this tablet for my mom, and she loves it!!! She isn't the biggest person for tech like items. But I knew she would enjoy this item. She gets all her games, ebooks, apps, and more on this tablet. Plus it's easy to use and that's why she likes it so much, also i got it for a great price lol
I wanted something my granddaughter could watch different things on while in the car. She loves it and so do I.
I started out looking for an iPhone 7 Plus. My company wanted my iPhone 7 and $400. I looked into tablets and found this wonderfully sized Kindle. It does everything a phone or a tablet does for a fraction of the money. I love mine.
This is the best for reading and not getting out of concentration with other apps. The battery lasts a lifetime. The best for traveling.
Absolutely love my Echo. In fact, this is our second one...for our second home. Whether you need/want the weather, music, news updates or just have a random question, Echo is the answer. Already have bought two additional Echo's for Christmas gifts.
Got everything on here and then some!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought Fire tablet on impulse and not sorry. Like much better than my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2. Felt 8 g was enough storage space since they've now added external storage space.
Very nice. Really enjoy it. Really like the paper appearance of the screen.
Works great. Faster than fire stick and supports sub keyboard haven't figured out how to configure keyboard for Bluetooth.
Easy to use, love the color and my daughter loves it. Easy to set up very happy with my purchase.
Works great for my 6 year old. Wanted an inexpensive tablet for himsince he can be pretty rough with things. So far so good, and we love the FreeTime app.
I had a couple of their first renditions of the Kindle. This one has a better keyboard, screen and is faster.
Alexa has become an addition to our family. There isn't one day that we don't ask Alexa to help us out. It's not an intimidating tool. Very user friendly.
We love  it!! I just need some help and tips on how to work it!!
It is a great starter tablet for young kids. My son really enjoyed it.
I mostly use this for reading books and its just awesome.. easy to carry and nice clarity..!! Worth the amount spent..!!
easy to install. very nice but hopefully it will be cheaper.
My 2 year old son loves this tablet. He is very engaged with the educational apps that the tablet has. Its easy to navigate. I would recommend to anyone
The weight and inches of the tablet is convenient for traveling
Got this for my 3 yo and he is enjoying it. The case is worth it's price in gold.
The text is sharp and paper like in well lit conditions. When using the backlight in dark conditions it becomes less paper like but is quiet useful if you wanna ditch clip on lights. Can set on automatic brightness level or manually set. Slim and lightweight when not using a case which I appreciate most about this kindle. Makes for easy holding and carrying/packing. Practically any book at the palm of my hand on this one device. I also like that it has page press which is outer press buttons for page turning. One con is its not all that speedy and responsive when going though the store, though it is the fastest kindle yet. I would NOT say it is 80 to 100 dollars well spent over the paperweight. In fact i would recommend the paper weight when its come down to price. Im just someone who wants the best of the best so I bought 2 of these. One for my love as a gift, then I went and bought myself one. It was a well recieved gift and I aquired major browny points. We give them 4 thumbs up. We can read together in bed, in the woods, on the road or wherever we like. This is the voyager after all and it is intended to be with you wherever you go. I would give it 4.5 if that was an option.
These kindle tablets are beginning to get pretty cheap. Especially when the other kids tablets are relatively close in pricing. Nothing has gone wrong with this Kindle as of now, and our niece has been enjoying it. A kids account and adult account is made. The kids accounts has access to whatever the adults account allows. This is pretty standard in kids tablets, but this one handles it well. It makes it much easier.
Great overall with multipurpose functions and good sound reproduction
Amazing! Easy to install and set-up. Voice control works well and controller fits easily in hand with the buttons in the right place. Got the first one for my wife at Christmas, we now own 4. Had 2 of the original Apple TV with small limited controller. That was painful. Amazon TV Is well worth the money!
Bought this for my 5 year old and he loves it. Fairly easy for him to use and me to monitor. Definitely recommend the case.
the internet server SILK is not compatible with free wifi on southwest airlines and I bought it to use on the plane. also I cannot hear the audio even with the sound all the way up on the plane. so I don't really need it since I have a computer , iPhone and kindle at home.
I was very hesitant on buying an e-reader as I didn't think spending $100 on a device that I would then need to spend $$ on books was worth it. Now that I have been using the Paperwhite, there are plenty of free books available to download. It is very easy to read in every lighting condition that I've used it in so far. Wish I would have bought it much sooner.
I bought this as a Christmas present on Black Friday for an incredible price
my dauther loves the tablet and I can get the SD to get more storage and load up all the disney movies that I purchased. it is a great purchase.
I bought it for my son, who really loves to read. He is very happy with it. It has a nice design, screen is very comfortable to look at. And it's lightweight. Perfect for home use and travel.
I like it, but don't like the add screen that you can't get rid of. Also can only download apps from the amazon store.
Great buy, do a lot of reading and he no glear screen is awesome while in the sun.
It's was on sale on this color,put the play store and made it real Android tablet
Love it and have never had any issues with the fire tv box.
Best purchase I made this year. I got the Amazon TV box for the TV in the kitchen. I took the cable box back to the cable company. No more boxes I am savings money. The Amazon TV box have a faster download and the picture is clearer. I can watch my Netflix on the Amazon TV box and other lmovies and tv program. I going to purchase another box for my family room.
Fire Tv works fine but the Remote leaves connection sometimes
I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it! You can't beat it for the price!
The size is just right for me to carry anywhere and it's simple to figure out the functions. 32 G would help me store many ireader books for a long time. I have read 3 books so far.
My husband loves it, he even gets on facebook. And he loves playing games on it!
Gift for the wife was a hit. I was in and out of Best Buy in minutes. Great experience.
The more I thought about using my phone to read ebooks, the less I wanted to read. But the Voyage has gotten me back into reading. Light. Holds charge for week at least. Only request is I wish it could do white letters on black at night.
Great tablet for the money kids love it great sound ease to use
decent item, alot of ppl i know use it to watch movies and tv shows that are current since they dont want cable. Works well but only if you have decent WI-FI otherwise there is lag. Still glad I bought it!
This case is great. It feels very secure around my tablet. I'm much more confident carrying my Fire around. Love the fact that it stands either portrait or landscape.
Won the kindle fire 6 last xmas2015 at work raffle. Gladly got this kindle fire 8 for a bigger screen and better battery life. Love it.
I bought the original kindle fire table. To get a newer one due such a great price is awesome!
Great price and product is very good ..I will recommend anyone
My nephew loved the tablet. He's able to download his games and has not experienced any issues as of yet. Fast and efficient, but you will need an Amazon account to run the tablet properly.
Awesome tablet. Purchased for kids. They love it..
Makes lists for me, plays music, tells me the weather. Great purchase!
Bought it for my daughter, she loves it. Can't put it down. Great product
Was pretty simple to use. User friendly and pretty lightweight.
I know it is entirely a personally bias, but I love Kindles and this is one of the best Kindles ever.
Just say Alexa and what you want her to do and she does it. Yes sometimes if there is some noise or if you don't speak clearly she might get it wrong but most of the time she gets it right. My only flaw with Alexa is the music, which isn't a problem with the product it's self but when it comes to playing music other than Pandora- you do have to subscribe to unlimited music which is reasonably priced and is worth it but do wish it came with it. Other than that I love asking Alexa to play a certain song and she plays it. She is amazing I would recommend it to anyone. Also look into her cool features their so helpful, definitely her to do list and grocery list.
This tablet is perfect for just about anything you could want to do on a tablet.
Bought it when it was 50 percent off. Good product.
This is the best E-reader on market. I've had previous ones but love that I can adjust brightness for night time reading without killing my eyes on a tablet.
It's good for what I paid for it $35 now it's $50 yes
I already owned a firestick and needed a second one for another tv, I went in to buy and all they had were the boxes. I picked one up and I'm sure glad I did! The box processes a lot faster than the stick does!
Fire stick from amazon very good product. .very nice
Have some issues with library check out and Amazon.
Good tablet for my grand kid had to replace defective one, but otherwise great gorgeous his use
Very Affordable. I gave this as a gift so I am not sure how well it works.
Great for the kids but not much space for all the apps they want.
Great kindle! Very good for kids and adults! We have one for every member of family. Can play games , read , and use Internet. Also has a kid time to limit time on what kids see or how long on!
My grandson is 6 and he loves this tablet.. Easy for him to us and a great price.. Well worth it
Good machine and good service. Displays color as it should
The tablet meets my immediate needs of email, games, even social networking. Also pleased with streaming of my favorite site. A little slow but maybe the network. Also Amazon's technical service was excellent. I had a bad day and was frustrated with start up which is easy when in your right mind, anyway the technician deescalated excellently.
I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas present and she loves it.
Well built. Great, especially if you add the Kodi app.
I love this. It's has so much to offer for a great price. Super fast and easy to use!
Okay but needs a lot of improvements, but for simple stuff is good.
I purchased this device because I was tired of Direct Tv, Dish Network, and Time Warner increasing my bills with hidden charges. This device lets you dictate when and what you want to watch for free if you do some research. Yes this device is worth the effort it takes to set it up. It has let me say good bye to my monthly tv bill.
The voyage is so much easier on the eyes. The size is great and easy to carry in a briefcase for travel purposes.
This is a great tablet that is simple. I actually have bought 3 for my children, so far. They are simple to use and just enough storage for the apps they like. So far no issues!
a solid well made tablet that feels good in the hand. images are crisp & clean. works well with my hulu acct, hbogo acct, prime video acct too. the first few secs the video is blurry, then it clears up and plays fine. if you add a sd card the tablet automatically places apps & video on the sd card (if app allows) the great value for me is you can download amazon prime video (must be a current member) onto the sd card for offline viewing. i bet a lot of parents will love that for those long car trips. sound is good. BT worked well with my BT enabled stereo ( i streamed prime music & pandora). don't be put off by the screen resolution - it looks great. the new bellini OS is a MAJOR improvement over the old carousel format of days past. the new amazon app underground also adds to the value for prime members. the lock screen ads are not intrusive, once you swipe to unlock tablet they go away and do not reappear until you lock the screen again. if you're a prime member - this is the best 50 bucks you will spend!
It can convert your regular tv into a smart tv. Awesome
I bought 2 of these for my kids when we go on trips to play educational games and movies. For the price they are nice to have! I have had no complaints with any of the Kindle Products that I have purchased.
This is an awesome little inexpensive tablet. It isn't the fastest but it gets the job done well. I just surf the web and watch videos online. I also downloaded the Spotify app and listen to music. Next I'll download Netflix. It gets the job done very well.
Amazon fire t.v. is a great media system. Great alternative to the outrageous price of cable t.v.
This was a gift for a 4 year old who was enjoying it immediately with very little adult assistance required. Haven't used it myself, but probably won't, its for kids! Good purchase.
Quick, good color, holds a charge, somewhat light weight, can slip out of your hands easy.
I absolutely LOVE my new Kindle! I'll never run out of good books to read again! Best Buy had it delivered 3 days before I even expected it to arrive. Couldn't be happier ☺
I was looking for ways to cut cost from a raising cable bill and a friend suggested I try the Amazon Fire. At first I didn’t know if this was something I could do. Once I was able to maneuver through the process, I love it.
The paperwhite kindle has excellent resolution and makes reading easy on the eyes.
Initially it has a hard time recognizing your voice but then it adapts and makes everything so much easier. It gives me the daily news and tells bedtime stories.
I have one. It is much faster than your cheap chargers. Much faster. I also use it for my phone. From dead to full charge in less than 45 minutes!
This tablet works just like expected. Great for the games I like to play. It is just the right size to carry in my purse. No problems.
I like the box sometimes it glitches out but it's really easy to troubleshoot.
Smaller then what i expecting, alexa sounds loud and clear. Music sounds great, just make sure you enable alexa hands free so you dont have to hit the button
Nice and durable good for the kiddos but they like it so much you do have to limit their time on it
We love playing music and radio with it. Or kids ask questions and it is quite entertaining
Great for all kinds of things such asmaking a shopping list, setting a timer, reminder for whe the Game starts, etc.
Bought this for my mother for Christmas. I wanted something small enough for her to handle and reliable. Decided a Fire tablet fit the bill. And, Best Buy had plenty in stock!
HD 8" tablet 16G on sale for $64.99 thats $25 dollars less then ever before. And alexa included.
It's great, I can't imagine life without it. I love the built in dictionary!
Boy was I surprised. I never intended to cut the cord but after I purchased my Amazon Fire TV and DirectNow TV o thought I'd give it a shot. Now I'm saving $80 per month, have all of the channels I watched on cable, and I'm saving $80 per month and very pleased!
makes reading easier and more enjoyable in that I can see a whole page at one time. The protective cover that Best Buy sell was a disappointment in that it covered the On/Off switch and did not hold the tablet very well so that I had to find another cover from another source.
I've been hemming and hawing about what eReader to buy for a while. This does everything I need a ebook to do.
Love how covenant and quick it is. Easy to use and universal.
It is awesome with low price and high quality. My daughters like it very much.
The resolution and contrast of the screen are excellent but the real selling points are how easy it is to read in natural light including bright sunlight and the battery life. I have only charged it once since I got it about 3 weeks ago.
Bought this for a 5 year old and a 1 year old for they birthday. They love to play on it!
Very nice tablet for low price. The shell feels a little on the cheap side but added a cover (Fintie) & feels much more sturdy. Great for reading or watching netflix or amazon video.
Works great! Get all my shows and movies. Even gets my hockey channels. 4K, 1080p, HD, and standard viewing options. So worth it, i bought 2 more!!!
My Mom wanted a tablet to read on. I bought her the fire and she loves it. It is easy to use and inexpensive
We are more than satisfied with this tablet along with the price!
My 7 yr old loves it. Easy for him to navigate and understand.
Does great on browsing and doing research easy to use and love the features especially the private browsing a great price as well
I purchased this for my wife to replace her old Fire. She loves the additional new features (camera/video) and the extra memory seems to speed things up for her. Happy wife = happy life....
Great product does what it is supposed to with no problems!
I enjoy my kindle tv, it beats paying for cable every month ������
Exactly as described
The parent said she loved the tablet but her son loves it more. He sleeps with it to keep his siblings from touching it. Best gift ever!!!!
I have had a Samsung Tablet for 3 years, and I have to say that I love this Amazon Kindle 10x better. The picture quality is amazing, it is light weight, it is easy to navigate.
While the Fire hd8 tablet certainly will not perform like some of the more expensive units, for basic web surfing, email, and especially shopping on Amazons web site, this tablet performs well, although it will occasionally freeze while surfing some sites. The screen resolution is what I would call 'adequate', but not on par with other high resolution (and far more expensive) tablets out there.Overall, I am pleased with this tablet-so far.
I would recommend this product great for web photo bible studying video tango and some much more.. Go and get you one trust me you would love it..
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire Tablets for my god-children for Christmas and they love them. The tablets go where ever they go! They play games on them, as well as play educational games to learn different skills needed for school.I love that Amazon made the Fire tablet kids proof and the screen isn't so fragile.
This Kindle Paperwhite makes it so easy to read ebooks in several different file formats. I use it every day and am very satisfied with this purchase.
The sound is really good for a portable speaker. I have 2 dots but use this one in the living room to listen to music.
My kids love it, they use it for games, books, etc
Very easy to use. Very convenient and lightweight.
The Amazon HD 8 is by far the best budget tablet. If you just need a tablet to browse the web and watch videos this tablet is the way to go! That being said, it is fairly slow but who cares if you do not use the tablet for photo/video editing, gaming, picture taking, etc...
WISH the kindle fire (for kids) had better way to limit how many items you can download at once. Most kids do not understand that clicking on a bunch of pictures will download that game/program, which is CLOG download times. Needs a better way to remove unwanted items, rather than clicking.. and clicking on every item. Speed and performance is pretty good for a tablet. App store is great and has many items.
Great tablet, light, small and inexpensive for entry level consumers that have an Amazon Prime account. Combined with the amazon free content to prime members (books,movies,games) and amazon underground, this tablet is on fire! Plus easy on the wallet should something bad happens to it.
At first when my husband bought this, I fought more electronics to learn. I now love using it especially when I am cooking and I can saw Echo, add cinnamon to grocery list. I also have many cam lighting that I can only say turn on couch one or two or fireplace light and not light up all 9 cams. The say play music is great. It also tells jokes and the recent news or weather. we now have echoes on two levels of the house.But don't worry, he will add some to level 3 soon lol
I own 4 of these.Great learning experience for kids. Also great for me as well...all in one gadget!! Everyone in the family is satisfied
Everyone I have given this to has said they cannot live without it. I second their opinion and have gotten a second one for the kitchen. Highly recommend as it is both useful and a lot of fun.
I really have enjoyed using my Kindle on airplanes. I can read without turning the overhead light on.
Wife loves the paperwhite edition of the Kindles. No glare from the sun what so ever. This replaced the Kindle 3rd generation she had for years.
I used to read on my ipad, this is so much better on my eyes and lighter to hold.
Bigger screen, longer battery life and faster loading...an improvement over the last model and a great choice if this is your first tablet. As a college student, it beats spending more on books and having to lug the extra weight on my back
Sorry, nothing comes to mind at this time. I like the product...
I bought this as a gift for a teen. I already have one and love it. Being able to select a new book to read any time of the day is great. I am a library user so wasn't sure I was get much use out of a kindle. I have grown to love it. Many free books are available and you can share your selections with others. Functions allow you to increase font size, read it either portrait or landscape (great for reading in bed), and screen brightness is adaptable. Can play games on it, and you need wifi just to acquire new books. You can take it anywhere to read your books.
It has great picture quality, all the applications seem to load very fast.
This tablet is good for basic web browsing and lite app use. Great for kids, or someone who isn't going to be a heavy tablet user. Great introductory tablet.
Easy to use...long cord.
I bought it for one of my friend. He just loved it.
I bought this for my mother for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Originally I thought of the idea for her to read on so she could make the font larger, but now she is using it for so many other things. She is a happy mom
it's a bit small but it has a nice amount of space
Great product, would recommend it if you need a low budget tablet.
I use it almost every day, the battery last longer than I think.
This is so fun and easy to use. Alexa knows everything! So crazy!
I like this tablet but you need to register a credit card to get free apps.
We originally owned an original kindle but it was slow app store was not the best and overall interface was to be desired. In fact eventually the device crashed and couldn't be recovered with limited use. Deeply debated about getting another and actually bought a Samsung tablet, but it was too small. This was such a good deal it was hard to ignore and have been very happy to give another try. This device is a great size and much better interface. Would buy again and will consider in the future for the kids.
We gave thi to our son who,is,in the military and he uses it all the time.
This is great for learning for little kids. Easy set up. in about a hours time my 3 yrs grandson new how to navigate through the whole system. Well made for kids in mind.
Great hardware. I owned the Fire Stick before getting this. It's WELL worth the extra money. Loads WAY faster and much less buffering. I love Amazon Prime. Wish there was better/newer/more frequent movies but for being included with all the other Prime services, it's a deal. And the Fire TV is the perfect way to access it.
I received an email asking if I would like to give my review and I am glad that I did. I purchased this less than 2 months ago and it has already quit working. It will not charge and it will no longer power on. All I have is a black screen. When it did work, it dropped internet quite frequently and froze several times during use. I would not recommend this product.
The PaperWhite is a great reader. Nice to read in the sun! Nice to read indoors. Very happy.
East to use and easy set up. Weather, basic questions and most any music on demand.
Great value for surfing the net, reading, e-mails etc
Works great sounds great! Bought this for a gift and was more than impressed. Stereo system is really good .,follows Alexa commands or
I have the larger 8.9 hdx Kindle but find it cumbersome when going places. Plus sometimes I am places where I shouldn't necessarily have my kindle with me. I needed something small and concealable, just for reading books. This is PERFECT!!! I would have rated it 5 starts but two weeks after I bought the black one they introduced a purple one. GRRRRR!!!
Works great, good price. Would buy it again. Kids have great time with it.
Great for streaming media and other online things. No lag since you can connect it with a cord instead of over Wi-Fi if you are having lag issues.
Nice product for the money. Bought for an elderly person. Hope she will like it as I do!
Go for it what ever spending on this more than worth of it
I especially like it's versatility and ease of use.
Easy to read, with a variety of content, long battery duration.
I love Alexa. She pretty much runs the whole household. Talk about smart? My favorite part is she can control the thermostat. If you're thinking of getting one she'll be waiting at Best Buy!
amazon-fire tv, easy install,very easy to start using.
I bought this for my granddaughter she will be 2 in a few months and she loves it! Very sturdy and the bumper that it comes with has shown to do what it is intended to do. Would highly recommend this product for kiddos!!
I've had the first kindle fire, I love the tablet.Why because it's bigger
Way to set up. Easy to use. Add on apps are easy to install as well
I bought this on Black Friday, simply because it was dirt cheap. It works ok but kinda slow.
I purchased this tablet for my 2 year old and she loves it. She able to watch all her shows abd play games , its great...
This item was a gift. I've heard that it was a great product for the value. Recipient loved it.
I've had kindles since they first came out love it
Excellent tablet for kids. Does everything that an I Pad can do.
I got this for my birthday and love it. Sounds good for size and increasing functionality all the time.
This is ideal for the gift. For the price, the performance is satisfactory. Loads of apps and games. Definitely, this tablet is for everyone. Perfect for browsing, gaming, music, and learning.Battery comes okay. Build quality is satisfactory. For the price range, it is must to have.
My wife & I love Alexa's music capabilities. Alexa is great help with setting reminders & putting appointments on the calendar. We think Alexa is fantastic.
Affordable, and it gets the job done. Not the most cutting-edge device, but nice nonetheless.
This was purchased as a gift, but I now have the intention of purchasing for myself, because of how much they love it.
This was a Christmas present so it hasn't had a lot of use yet but so far this tablet has worked well and was straightforward to set up
This was a gift for my mother who is 99 years. She used to love puzzles, but with arthritis and failing eyesight she couldn't do them. The puzzle app is good because she can see it and use finger to slide pieces. She can keep up with family on Facebook
I purchased this item to cancel my cable tv and use PlayStation Vue for the television channels like SyFy and others. The network connection allows the use the high speed internet without bogging done the Wifi. The only issue I have encountered is the remote can be laggy but it has less lag that the fire tv stick remotes.
The tablet is good for games like solitaire or other app games, and of course for books. But for internet or other applications, it would not be the top choice. Good buy for the money.
Lovethe product. Small compact and take it in doors or outdoors
good tablet for the price its quick and easy to use
Works okay for what we paid. Not super speedy, quality is a little grainy as well
Alexa continues to get better with every new update
A must have in every house . My wife uses it every day
Very good quality price ratio!We buy this table for a little kid for a very low price and it's one of best deal for a very long time....Again, very good for their low price.
I am very pleased that I was able to purchase this as a gift for my daughter
Bday gift for my 10 year old. He loves it! And the price was perfect.
I bought this Kindle for my grandson and my son wanted one as well. They really enjoy using their Kindle's for all types of entertainment and downloading apps to play games. Keeps them entertained for hours. It was a great buy!
I gave this to my God child, ahe is 6 , she loves it to deaf
I use it for lots of games, books , etc and love it
App selection is very difficult too much Amazon sales have not been able to get my Reward Zone points tried to purchase app but was unsuccessful
What a way to enjoy all the entertainment in your very own house, I highly recommend that you get one too!
Great 8 inches tablet with and amazing storage for apps.
This tablet does everything that we need it to do. The screen looks really good and it doesn't seem to be under powered. The expandable storage feature is awesome if you want to store music and movies on it. The only thing that is a negative is the limited selection of apps for it. I knew about it before I bought it and it hasn't been an issue yet.
For the price, you should be able to use as a speaker when talking on the phone. I had to use my daughter's Beats Pill for this function, therefore it's not worth all the hype.
I'm very pleased with my Kindle fire. I've used it more than I thought I would, as I primarily was getting it for reading, but wanted the internet access and ability to review and edit documents, too. In addition to reading more lately than I usually do, I'm also turning my Fire on instead of my desk top computer if I'm only going to use it a short time.
Still waiting for Alexa to function. Several calls to Amazon supportled to conflicting answers on how to get it to work, then told it isnot yet available on all Fire HD 8 tablets.
I haven't used the product it was purchased as a gift
The camera is not very sharp , and you can not download another one .
This purchase was a gift for 10 year old. Today's technology enhances the youth of today. This tablet is definitely a winner.
After reading how fast this unit was, I was highly disappointed. My Roku 3 leaves the Amazon Fire Tv in the dust. It takes forever to load up, then freezes several times while being used.
Thank you they were great gifts for my sisters loved it
Would not buy it at full price. Got it half price on a promotion. Enjoyed it, Speaker sounds ok. I enjoyed its music more when connecting to my external Bluetooth speaker. Taught Alexa to turn on and off 3 power switches. Wish there were more skills Alexa can learn. I have 2nd thought about making purchases with Alexa because I read people having issue with Amazon vendors when ordering with Alexa and automatic payment.
Bought 2 of these for my kids to have something to play with and watch movies on while traveling. Bought a couple kid proof cases online and they are good to go. Well worth the cheap black Friday price.
I ask for weather, headlines and sports updates, while listening to my favorite playlist. Makes the coffee tastes better with a friend.
Purchased two of these tablets as gifts to the grandsons. Set up was a breeze, and Mom & Dad especially like the features for younger children. We also added a 64gb SD Card to both for the added storage! Overall, everyone is quite happy...
I bought this item for my 9 year old granddaughter. She is thrilled with it. Her only disappointment is that she is unable to access the "Musicality" app.
Good cheap tablet. Great for Netflix and YouTube. Screen is a decent size just bigger than a phone and smaller than a laptop. It's also HD which is a plus
The product works well except the WiFi drops every so often. Restart the firetv and it's fine. Also, the remote will sometimes not work. Pull batteries and put them back in fixes it. Kind of sad for such problems cuz I love the firetv.
This is a good tablet, but mainly for readers. There are a lot of apps for books, and such...but there are other apps you can download.
Speaker blew me away, it gets so loud giving commands is hard
Gave tablet as a Christmas gift - she uses it all of the time and loves it. She was thrilled to get it I bought the extended warranty so that the tablet would be covererd in case something happened to it. Her mother had seen it advertised and I bought it on thanksgiving day
I love these. Works great.nothing like plug and play.
Very easy to setup and use. Still learning to maximize the usage. The instructio is too simple and not cover much using Alexa .
Great buy for my 7yr old cheap so if it ends up broken for any reason I can replace it easily.
Great for streaming, TV shows! Highly recommend this product!
Simply great and easy to set up!!! I would recommend this to anybody.
My grandson is totally in love with his New Fire Tablet. He had an older version and was grateful for the upgrade.
I bought this to replace my satellite but have not done it yet. It is laggy at times and has connection issues. The remote looses connection often and doesn't connect back until batteries are removed. A bit hard to navigate with the remote. It works well if all you want is to get Kodi but it is kind off difficult for a newbie. With prime subscription it is great.
Very easy to navigate and so many option it's unbelievable. This great gadget saving me alot of money canceled my cable subscription.
Will buy this product at this price range again if needed.
Best investment I've made! Doesn't really buffer like the other sticks .
Sometimes you have to be very specific on where to find the information. For example, if Alexa does not know the answer, I have to tell her to look in Wikimedia
The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
I purchased this product for my kids over the holidays. I've been very impressed with the things you can do with it. Among other things, I enjoy using it for listening to music, checking the morning weather, or as a simple kitchen timer.
The quality is awesome for the price. Amazon products are always cool.
ALEXA IS GOOD FOR REMINDERS, USE AS AN ALARM CLOCK, PLAY MUSIC NICE SPEAKER SYSTEM ALSO WORKS WITH WEMO AND OTHER SYSTEMS THAT CONTROL YOUR ELECTRONICS IN THE HOUSE INCLUDING HEATING AND COOLING.
I really missed my first kindle when my husband gave me a fire 2 years ago. I love to read outside and could not do that with a fire. The voyage is perfect, easy to read anywhere, much longer battery life than a fire. Very happy with it and the buttons are easy to use or you can just tap the screen to turn the page.
If you are thinking about getting the Echo like we were and going back and forth of it. Buy one and you will not be sorry. It is amazing
This is my 4th Kindle and I enjoy reading on it. Goes every where with me.
Purchased the Fire TV over the Fire Stick because it os capable of streaming 4K. Device works great.
I like this a lot for an entry level tablet. I am able to watch videos and set it up to read books. There is some lag at times but nothing too bad. I had to add a memory card because the 8GB is small. Some apps can be downloaded to the memory card but it does optimize itself and will create space on the hard drive. The ads are only on the lock screen, never when using the tablet.
Absolutely amazing. A must have for the home and Ethernet connection makes internet connection fast and reliable
Bought this for my 6yr old son for his birthday. He loves it. Easy to use and decent battery life. Love all of the children's books!
If you have slow internet like myself get this one, not the fire stick. I have 3mb internet and at times buffers at 1080p but when switched to 720 almost no buffering. That's an issue on my side not the device. Easy to tranfer apps from android phone using app called apps2fire available at the play store. Most apps transferred work but not all of them. 3rd party game pads work also via Bluetooth. A+++
It is super lightweight and has an adjustable backlight for easy reading in dim to dark areas, and its not hard on eyes. I love that there is no glare, so reading outside is always on my to do list. It is not only good for reading but finding books as well with GoodReads. It has media connections like Facebook to find what people you know are reading. Downloading books is quick and easy, I just wish I would have spent the extra money on the convenience of free 3G. It also has child functions to make sure your child is reading daily and appropriate books available for them using FreeTime. They can even earn rewards for how much they read. Overall very recommended for anyone.
I bought this tablet for my 10 yo granddaughter and she loves it.
I purchased this Kindle Fire HD 8 was purchased for use by 5 and 8 yer old grandchildren. They basically use it to play Amazon games that you download.
My daycare love thsee tablets, they have a lot of fun games on it
I love my Echo! it is easy to use and I also use it to turn on the lights in my house. I works great!
The speed and build quality are a little bit low, but you get more than what you pay for. I recommend this as a good media consumption device.
like it has a quad core processor but sad it does not have google play store
This is an excellent piece. We use is it mainly for Netflix but there are so many other features yet to explore.
I love my Amazon Kindle Fire. It's so user friendly and the clairity of the screen is awesome
This tablet does everything and it's so much cheaper than an iPad. I don't know why people spend so much for an Apple when you get everything here for a fraction of the cost.
Best box for all Apps. Has lots of options! Very fast
It's a very useful tablet. Did not have any problem since bought. Works out of country too and during travel.
Love this for my youngest. He had a Nabi, but it just wasn't as user friendly as this is.
I love my kindle voyage. I get distracted when I read on my tablet, so I decided to purchase an eReader. I am very happy I did! I hope to meet my reading challenge now!
bought this tablet for my 5 year old granddaughter. Great value for the money and with Amazon Prime membership you get access to hundreds of videos, games and music.
Good project but not 5 star's. Product takes a lot of training to work or it'll tell you it can't find the answer.
I find more ways to use Echo each and every day. From home automation to streaming music.
Good product other than having to purchase additional apps for it to work.
Awseome tablet for toddler. I would recommend this tablet for all age groups.
Delivery was fast. The tablet has been good. My grandson loves the sports apps.
As always, great job! Very easy to use and it's always with me. Only problem I have is the button on the bottom is touchy, but not really an issue. Keep up the good work
Fast and responsive. Well worth the price for the convenience.
Best bang for the buck if your looking for a good tablet that don't cost a lot just buy yourself a micro SD an you won't run out of memory
This is for my 5 year old and she hasn't put it down since Christmas. She uses it for watching videos and taking pictures of her toys..
The Kindle Fire HD is an impressive Product. It is faster than my Samsung tablet. I know I will enjoy using it. I just wish that Amazon Prime music had a downloadable app for it.
Gave this to my son for Christmas. He loves it. Speed is good for what he does and battery life seems good enough for him.
Easy online purchase. easy use and setup and very useful device to have all around the house
This is my first tablet and I'm excited about learning how to use it.
I know this was a 7" screen, but it seems much smaller compared to my ipad.. It works fairly well, just wish I could change some of the screens around so I didn't have to scroll so much. It would be nice if there was some sort of tutorial available. Works well for games..
purchase a cover to go with it and it feels just like you're reading a book
Fun for the whole family. Alexia tells funny jokes for kids, answers questions on almost every subject and provides lots of musical choices.
Good for the kids or the adult who just needs something for travel.
I bought this looking to get rid of expensive cable and I love it. I can pick and choose what I want to watch instead of being charged a flat rate.
I compared this with the google home for a few weeks. We like that we can add items to our joint gmail calendar and add items to our shopping list with ease. Not a fan that you need amazon prime to play any song you want, but syncing other music sources are pretty easy and make up for this. It lacks asking for facts that google home tends to answer with more ease. We are adding automated lighting this week, looking forward to seeing how this works. Hope they keep upgrading it to keep adding new automation devices. Pretty fun and useful tool it has proven to be. Just added an echo dot for upstairs too. Also to note, adding the Alexa and Any.DO app to our iPhones has helped improve the usefulness of the device also
Love it and would probably be just okay using the Fire Stick. Don't need all of the extra storage space and the capability of 4K res (Only beneficial if you have a 4K TV).
If you are a hardcore reader, this is your Kindle! The light makes a huge difference to read under any conditions, it´s a big improvement from the standard Kindle, if you are unsure between one or the other, go for the Paperwhite, it´s worth the extra money.
Great tablet but low internal storage and does not allow for much "customization" of the home screen and other screens.
I wasn't looking for anything complicated just something to read books on, play a few games, watch videos. At those things it does very well.
We don't do as much with the Echo as we could - and should - but so far it's been fun, and works well. There are some things it can't do, of course. Alexa cannot provide stock market information, for example.
Bought this for my son,, the size is perfect not too small not too big. Kid friendly..and easy to use. Overall o rate it 5 stars..no problems to list
This is great for my mom. It is easy for her to use
The Amazon fire stick is everything that I expected and more. I loved the pricing and the fact that all fire sticks are voice activated. Easy to navigate through 1000,s of free movies and games.
Amazing tablet. Does almost all things my original 400$ kindle fire did. So very happy with my much cheaper option!!
I love having this in my home. It does so much I have barely scratched the surface with it. I have Amazon Prime so I can call out whatever music I am in the mood for and it will more times than not play. I haven't yet used it for lights, Uber, or any of the other many things it can do. A lot of fun.
It is a little bit heavier then I expected, especially if you hold it for long. And I don't really like the flash when changing pages...Yet, it is much better then iPad or mini if you are reading an e-book. I bought it for my pregnancy cause I can read books while breast feeding~
As far as e-readers go this has to be the best experience I've had with one. Simplistic and ergonomic design allows you to fly through books.
My granddaughter loved it. She used it for her school work.
great tablet for web access and works well gaming no reason to spend more unless you need a larger screen
gift for mom,perfect for her enjoyment,good picture
I bought 2 of these...my 7 year old twins love them. Amazon has a lot of free games that we have downloaded for them and they can watch amazon and netflix and i bought the kidproof cases.
Good for the price. A very basic tablet with basic functionality
I PURCHASED TWO FOR MY GRANDCHILDREN TO SHARE AND THEY ARE SO HAPPY WITH THEM, WHICH MAKES ME REALLY HAPPY! I NEED TO BUY HEAD PHONES NEXT!
If you are in doubt about spending the extra money to buy the Voyage... don't be. If it hadn't been a gift I would have most like not spent the money but after using it I am so glad I have this one.
excellent graphic quality easy to use. does not use infra-red so other remotes will not work with it.
Great for the home or office. The music sounds great and it can hear from across the room.
Set up was really easy. It has been really fun to play with. I have enjoyed the emails that come giving tips about different commands and fun things it will do.
I wanted a tablet for easy internet access and an e-reader.This is easy to use and has exceeded my expectations.
It is a good product to use for child aged 7-15 years.
Great, would recommend this to anyone!!! My husband will not put it down! He loves it! I also have one! The price a Best Buy was excellent!!!
Overall a great tablet for the price. Able to use this for work and play
Good interface but not as good as the Apple TV. I got it so we can get our cable TV app on our TV.
It was a good tablet for the very inexpensive price.
Love the unit. Great sound! Good general news available. Only thing negative is it has to remain plugged in to operate.
My mother can not. See every well and lives alone. This has been great for her. Makes her feel a little less alone.
It's a great tablet for a beginner or for anyone that has or had a sumsung phone : }
Gave one each to my parents and they liked the gifts a lot.
I wouldn't buy it again...the software doesn't seem as well integrated with the hardware on this machine. I also have an Echo and I don't have the same connectivity issues with it that I do with this. I liked the features available with this...portability mainly with a long battery life, but with plagued by connectivity issues I can't say I would recommend it. I have looked at reviews online since purchasing and have discovered I am not the only one that feels this way. The sound, when it is connected and responding, is amazing.
I have a few Amazon Echos and Echo Dots but there are a couple of spots in my house where the original black Echo looked out of place and the white Echo looks great. Works perfectly, just like the black version.
Replaced this tablet after the kids got hold of my mom's one because they love playing their games on it
35 dollar black friday day deal. My nephews love it.
Bought this to update the old one we have and so far it's been a good buy.
Kids love it! Great Christmas present even if not an apple product.
Love it. You should get one!!!!! It's amazing!!!!!
Bought a 2 blacks, blue & orange. These tablets are amazing & awesome price
Perfect.
This was a replacement for my Son as he had one for about 4 years that just got broken .
works a lot better than the fire stick. love that there is an sd card slot.
A very good tablet with a lot of features for a very reasonable price.
Can't be it for $34 to use it on the plane for the kids. Scrolling down is kinda sluggish compared to my phone.
Very good product. I really enjoy it. Easy to use.
Love it! I can't wait to get my entire house in SmartMode, I just love Alexa and I love listening to all the old music that she has for me to listen to you
Love my Echo. Set up was simple and the range of music and information available is fantastic. I would highly recommend this product.
I love my new Kindle!! I would recommend this to everyone!! It has so many features and love the size!!
Best kindle ever!! Love that I can read at night without waking my husband. Buy one!
the kids really liked these for Christmas gifts. They started playing with them right away and really enjoyed them
Cheap, good always dependable tablet, now just useless words to take up minimum.
You can pay a nominal monthly fee for Alexa to play tons of music. I also have it set up for Alexa to control all the lighting in the house. Works great.
Our 3rd Amazon fire. The battery life is outstanding. Really nice when reading a book not having to worry about the battery. Nice size.
Great item and great price. Use it mainly for books, but good enough for basic internet activity
Very nice tablet for the price and great for kids.
Great for reading in the sunlight. As well as light, and easy on the wrist. Great product, but a little speedy.
I was really excited for this speaker. Got it all hooked up to my echo and was ready to go. Then I listened to the music. It has no bass. If you want something the has a good range of sound, this isn't it. It is focused on treble only. No low end. I ended up getting the JBL Charge 3. Love it
The wifi would drop often to where I could not listen to Spotify or other services without buffering.
My son loves it! So many great games, audiobooks and apps for kids, and we love the timer feature so we can set time for him to let him play before bedtime. Very worth it!
The Echo is not just functional, but fun. Our kids love to pick music for her to play, she has taught them to play Jeopardy, AND she keeps us organized. :-)
I bought this for my step mom who likes playing solitaire. She wore her hand held game out and couldn't find a replacement. She just loves it and can do a lot of other things on it.
Very nice and easy to use and the kindle is great.
purchased for 4 yr old, he loves it the fact he can play games or movies, love the parental controls as I am able to monitor how much he is on it.
We use Alexa every day and it is fun to try new things.
Great value for the price, used as a backup to keep at work
Bought this for my 5 year old nephew that is obsessed with tractors and chains. He had been glued to this screen since Christmas.
Upgraded from an old 2nd gen kindle and this is much better
It was a good buy and tried this for a day. It was fast and experience was good.
This little tablet I bought for my dad who is totally new to the tablet experience. He now loves it. He is now top of news and YouTube. I think it's great deal the amount the money spent. Of course camera is bad but speakers are good enough
This is a GREAT small tablet. I love that you can increase the storage memory. It's easy to use and it is light, not heavy like some tablets.
Bought two for my kids they love them. Great for the price.
Set up was easy, downloading of apps easy for both of us. Has so many uses.
Alexa turns on my Phillips Hue lightning; plays my radio stations' keeps my grocery lists' acts as a timer; answers questions; tells me the weather forecast . Still learning her capabilities. Also purchased an Echo Dot for my upstairs. Love them
the kindle is awesome it holds so many books. I can check out books from the library while sitting on my couch. I take it with me everywhere when ever there is time I read.
I purchased this firetv to upgrade my from first firetv version as I have a samsung 4k tv, this new firetv recognized my hdmi port as 4k compatible when I set the resolution to 4k on video settings, after trying all posible settings, this bug only gives 1080 even playing 4k content. firetv1=firetv2.
If you want the combination of a kindle for reading as well as some of the features of a tablet, this is an excellent value for the price. I like the flexibility of being able to switch between the book I am reading and my email or other web uses.It seems like the battery discharges rather quickly compared to my other kindle. I often keep this one plugged in while I am using it.
Great small tablet that has everything you need! Small but convenient. I love that I could add more memory to it with an SD card so now I have everything in there & I can get plenty of apps. Use it a lot for reading online and even for watching movies when I'm away. Love it!
Keep your child entertained with this Amazon Fire Kids Edition tablet. Thousands of child-friendly e-books, TV shows, games and educational apps accessible through this tablet engage your child in a healthy way, while its kid-proof case prevents easy damage. An expandable memory of up to 128GB on this Amazon Fire Kids Edition tablet provides plenty of storage. movies,
I already had a Fire Tablet for my own use. I got one for my husband and he loves it.
Awesome tablet it's fast and easy to use. Affordable can't find any better at this price
To date, it's working fine. I'm hoping that it continues to work it's usually not the charger that goes bad for me though, it's the cord!
My elderly mother really enjoys this tablet. Easy to use and lightweight.
I used some giftcards received from another purchase, so my cost was only $20. I had to exchange my first one due to some dead pixels on the screen. But it does what I need, only wish Amazon allowed the Google play store.
This was a great product foe the money. Was able to download games for kids with no problems. Easy to access parental controls for myself..love it
The Echo is interfaced to my home automation system which makes control of the house very easy.
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she really loves it!
Ok tablet from amazon, added Google play to device for more apps. Google how to do this.
This is a very good tablet for the price, especially for Amazon Prime members. The display is very sharp and so far the battery life is excellent!
If you want a tablet to use on a daily basis for facebook or do online purchases you couldn't ask for a better tablet.
It is very light and easy to handle. It fits the rack on my treadmill without blocking heart rate info. Took some getting used to but now I like the new home page which shows front cover of the book.
Its like a personal assistant. Alexa saves time, I don't need to go my phone or laptop. I just ask! Its amazing! Love it!
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it! So easy to use...it exceeds our expectations in every way.
Bought this for my daughter and she didn't care for it when it came to the apps. Works great for reading.
We are enjoying our Amazon Echo. I amazed myself by setting it up myself without a call to the kids! Our grandchildren are enjoying asking for their music selections. Great product!
Great product especially for the price! It exceeds my expectations and then some.
Has a very good Bluetooth speakers sound quality is good but otherwise she's pretty useless when it comes to get answering questions
I've had 4 kindles over the years and this is my favorite. So easy on my eyes and easy to read, even outdoors.
Newest version of Kindle Fire product line is a hit. Larger screen for not much money, good screen resolution and longer battery life. No problems, and I'm a happy reader!
Amazon tv is really to use. Recommend product.....
I bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter, had some issues with the charging cable. Took it in and Best Buy replaced it because I bought the 2 year replacement product. Its nice because I can use a card and she can download whatever games she wants
Great clarity for a tablet of this price point. Amazon provides a great operating system making it easy to maneuver and web surf. The only thing lacking is the camera not making it good for skyping or taking pictures in poor light. However given the dollar per value you can't beat it. Attractive looks good fit and finish makes it stand out in a sea of choices!
Cheap tablet that pretty much does everything!!!!!
Good picture, works well, great variety of apps. keep in mind that you get apps from amazon, not google play, so they aren't always the same or same price
The is the best product of its kind, period. I would recommend it anytime.
We bought one for my wife and my mother-in-law and they both love it. Very easy to use.
Love it. Really light weight so easy to carry in my purse and read books on it during my daily commute on the train
We purchased this for my wife's mother. She likes to play games on it and do some reading.
I purchase this as a gift and the recipient is happy with it
I had the original Kindle and still use it but this new one is a delight. The screen is very bright and touchable. This makes it easier to read and also to turn pages.
Great speaker but may cost me a fortune to link to the rest of my house.
I've been playing with this for a few weeks. It is not perfect, but it is great for listening to music and audiobooks. I don't like watching the news, so the "Flash Briefing" is very nice. Sometimes it does not get the full headline, but I get the gist of it, and I don't have to go through the depressing details. I'm looking forward to learning how to create my own skills for it. The speaker isn't the best I've ever heard, but it's definitely not the worst. The IFTTT integration is great, and I have setup triggers to many devices in my house and the Shopping List is great.
I got this kindle at a black Friday sale at a great price. My daughter loves it .She was able to set it up for more than one user so her and her boyfriend can both use it.
Great tablet, great price, wifi has great range compared to apple products
I got this unit to stream Netflix and to watch YouTube contents. It works fast and like the fact that it has a Ethernet port.
We was looking for a easy tablet that has all the great features and functions that a young child can learn and grow with. I will be a great Christmas present.
I love to read but I rarely have time these days. For those who do have the time, this is a great device because you can take it anywhere and read it easily in pretty much any lighting situation. The text is crisp and easy to see but I wish the screen was just a little bigger. I ultimately took this back and went with a Kindle Fire HD 8. The pros of a tablet outweighed the cons for my situation, but the Kindle Paperwhite is still a great option for people who read a lot and want to read their books anywhere they go.
That's an average tablet, with considerable specs for the price, it stars fast, run apps fast, and the battery lasts for a while, around 4 hours of average use...The only limitation for me is that it doesn't have google store.If you have bought any app from that store, you'll have to buy them again from amazon store.But there are tutorials online teaching how to have google app store working on this tablet.
I bought the Fire HD 8 & CaseI use it mostly for class..works very good..would be better if it had BlueTooth.
I can read my books and sync with my larger tablet. Read emails and search internet. Love it!!!
I'm so glad I made this purchase. My Kindle is exactly what ive been looking for in an e-reader. Plus it's the perfect fit for my purse so I'm never without my favorite book.
The best remote for the price you cannot beat it, easy to use
I purchased this tablet after seeing the Best Buy ad...I got it for my wife for Christmas this past December. The price was unbelievable (under $50!) and even though my wife didn't think she'd ever use or want one, I said, "What the heck!" and bought it anyway. Well, she's been using it nightly (during the week) and quite a bit more on weekends--in fact, she's used it more than anything else I've ever given her in the past!
It's great to read in any kind of light. There is a tiny bit of bleeding at the top edge but nothing noticeable unless you are actively looking for inperfections. Makes reading easy and accessible in a light for factor.
Bought this tablet to read books and it also has other good qualities.
Seriously ... nothing more addictive. Add skills to your hearts content. Start your day with your briefing, review your calendar, set timers, etc ... yep, no wonder it was this year's Elmo for adults!
Bought this tablet for my son so he can play his games and keep him occupied for hours. He loves it.
Hi my name is Stephanie and I teach grades K-8 as a resource room instructor. I help to improve upon my students' reading and math learning goals and skills, and this tablet is great. I recently signed up for a trial membership with IXL, a skill-based website for kids. My students are able to work on their individual skills on this tablet in my classroom, and having it is a good resource. For $50, it is affordable and a great resource to have. Thank you, from Stephanie
This is lots of fun, you can ask it what to wear, play you a song, your calendar, all while you're doing other things. So there is no wasted time, however I am not sure of the Privacy part of it. I think it is always listening and we will start to get marketed due to what we talked about at the dinner table
This has been a wonderful addition to life. Makes many things easier in life!
i have this and 2 fire sticks and a alexa. combine that with amazon prime and you have all you need
Great little tablet for the price. Got on sale at Best Buy for $30 on Black Friday.
Help my 2 year learn he loves to play it and watch movies on it
you can read in any light. nice, especially at night when you don't want to disturb anyone. even outside in the daylight
This thing is amazing, I use it to control lights, music, get news/ weather updates!
My niece love her tablet can beat the price only 39.99
Between this and an hd antennae I cut cable and I am never going back!!
The Kindle Fire tablet is no cheap Android tablet -- it is snappy and responsive. The price is unbeatable! More than an e-Reader!
I love the amazon fire tablet. It's great for me when I'm going back and forth between home work and school!
Cheap, I bought this for my son. If you can't afford an iPad, get this.
Love it....the color is bright which makes it easy to find in a suitcase or carry on bag. I carry lots of stuff in my pocketbook because the color is neon yellow it stands out. So easy to grab and read. Took it on vacation loved it. I recommend the color cover rather than black one,
This tablet is light weight and thin which makes it ideal to hold on my hands. I love it!
Love the warranty that comes with this! It makes it very conducive for kids to use!
Bought this tablet for 7 and 2 year old and they are very easy to use. Very durable as they have been dropped a numerous amount of times. No scratches or anything and has many apps.
Works as good as it should for the price. Its a little outdated...but for streaming tv and books its ok
I wouldn't recommend buying this tablet for personal use
Needed for a friend that is blind and it is great for audible books.
Great for Music and games. Bluetooth/wifi connections. Alexa asked me to have a conversation. I kept it simple and try to teach it. its favorite response is "I do not know that one" I give it answers and next time I ask the same question it responds I do not know that one. Dumb as a rock. For radio play back and music sound the Alexa beats all. On sale 89.99 I would recommend to a friend. Would not recommend at the $179.99 price.
I bought this tablet for my 13 yr. old God-child and she loves it. This was her Christmas present.
I got this for my wife and she loves it. Great speed and display
Was a gift for our 8 year old daughter. Great for kids
It was for my daughter for Christmas. She love it, I'm happy
Great tablet for the money, especially after you put the Google Play store app on it(see xda forums for instructions on how)
Got this for my grandson who cannot put it down. So nice to give a gift that is truly enjoyed!
Echo is tough to deal with. Doesn't understand most the questions I ask. You definitely can't do a follow up question. Speaker sounds great. Looks great. Also will hook up to devices for automation. Hopefully they update it for comms, cuz google home is killing it there.
I bought this Echo as a gift. I have had mine for about a year. The abilities of the echo device are constantly being improved.
The set up was easy and fast. Just plug and play. You even get one month of free service.
Work good with my internet. Have basic cable and use this to watch movies and steam tv shows.
Love this tablet daughter uses it mainly and she really likes it good for reading and games as well as web surfing meets all needs !
I LOVE HOW AMAZON HAS "CHILD ONLY APPS". SHE CON ONLY ACCESS AGE APPROPRIATE MATERIAL
Everyone should have one of these, It will tell you everything from the weather to the sunrise and sunset. you can listen to radio stations from anywhere. I liked it so much that I bought three dots to extend to other rooms.
It's such s great tablet and the price well you can't beat it. I love Amazon products and have not been disappointed yet!
I never knew our family would enjoy the Echo so much! My wife wanted one bad and Mother's Day was quickly approaching. At first I thought it was expensive and redundant to the technology we already have in our home. Boy was I wrong!! I would highly recommend it to anyone. It's now a member of our family!! Haha
It was not too expensive and it is very useful for our Daycare
Was afraid to spend so much money for a kindle but so far I am glad I did. Love everything about it. The buttons to turns pages, screen resolution, lighting, how easy and light it is when you hold it. Case is beautiful. Enjoy reading on it.
Corrected the problem with the kindle not charging for now. Hope this is all that I'll need for the kindle. Thanks!
The sound out of this little cylinder is incredible.
I like the paperwhite. It's a good size. Only drawback is the ads on the lockscreen! I can't see how to get rid of them. I like the old display of authors better.
Gave it to my grandkids (ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.
I'm an avid reader....I have 7 different Kindles including the Oasis and Voyage. The Paperwhite quickly became my favorite! The battery life is outstanding!!!
Bought this as a Christmas present for my nephew. It works great and is lightweight & super portable.
My Kindle works great and it just what I was looking for.
Perfect for my needs and the needs of my students!
The lady that helped me was very professional and knowledgeable. She understood what I was looking for let me know that she would have to order it. She did just that and it showed up 2 days earlier than originally told.
What you think you need more than a Kindle to surf the web? You don't. Cheap and effective. Plus it's an alarm clock too, plus with the right apps it's a radio, what's that you say a clock/radio? You know it hipsters.
Purchased for my niece for a Christmas gift. She loves it no complaints
I use his as a second screen to watch videos I've edited in my computer. It's fast enough to play a pretty big video file with no hiccups. However, multitasking is very limited.
The Kindle Paperwhite is, hands down, the best e-reader out there. Text is sharp and clear. No glare. Simple to use. I'm reading more than ever.
Great addition to the family room. Movies on demand and very smooth streaming!
Never thought I would buy something like this but absolutely love it
This is my 3rd Kindle, and we are very pleased with the ease of use and features Amazon has to offer. I suggested my brother get one for his kids and he too is happy. He actually uses it as much or more than his kids do. If you are looking to buy one, I suggest buying a case to help protect it from any bumps or bruises. I lost my 1st Gen Kindle because it was dropped without a case.
The price is something you can't beat... but it can be misleading.Pretty much every function and app required you to buy something, not much you can do for free. But still worth it for such low price.
Light and easy to read, battery lasts a good while. The built-in light makes it a pleasure to use at night in bed.
Works great. Love the portability of books. Overall great product
I have grown very accustomed to having Alexa around. There are new skills added on a very regular basis. I really enjoy just pressing a button and asking for a song/radio station/podcast to be played. I also enjoy having books read to me, since I'm not much of a reader. The setup was super simple, so simple that I wasn't sure that I was all ready to go with such minimal effort. The battery life is very long and the speaker suits me just fine. I feel that there is a bright future for the Tap and I am going to enjoy trying more things that this gadget has to offer. I'm not sure I "needed" this item, but I can't imagine not having it around now. So pleased with this purchase.
I bought 2 of these. My 4 and 8 year olds each have their own. For $50, I think you'd be hard-pressed to find a better product. We used the Amazon unlimited trial for a month, and have just been using free apps since. Good buy.
It is great to read books on the go! Easy to use, and easy to add pdf's and other files you may want on there!
I was a slightly skeptical about giving this to my 1 year old but it has been a fantastic, durable learning tool for him and he is progressing very quick.
I love the fact, I can read in bed at night, and the backlight is adjustable so it does not bother my husband sleeping. Only negative is it takes a few longer seconds then I would like to power off.
Product works as advertised. Setup is easy with Alexa mo Ike app for initial configuration. Speaker is perfect for streaming.
Gave it as a gift, and they loved it. It's perfect for anyone
Since my apartment is paired with Echos and Echo Dots the Fire TV was a must have for my place. Not as sexy as an Apple TV but its UHD capability paired with my TVs made this a great addition.
My son's already each had one. Got one for my husband. Great value, and all are reading more than they ever did.
returning for a replacement. It got wet and quite working for a child's device it should be better made.
This item is light downloads come in fast , built great and has a lot of bells and whistles too . Great for beginners and kids .
My kids are always arguing about who gets to play on my iPad. This should eliminate the arguments, it's a good tablet that is expandable and for $50 you can't go wrong.
My new Kindle is working the way it should. No problems advancing pages.
Love love love my kindle fire 8.....this is what my 9 yr old granddaughter said when I bought this for her at Christmas..we have purchased kindled in the past but this one has been the best....love the fact that you can now use a memory card in it...that helps so much when you use it for books...games...music and viedos...thanks
I sometimes have trouble with it understanding my requests.
I use one of these in every room of my house with a TV. No more cable bills and I get to watch what I want when I want.
Tablet was brought for my fiance for Christmas. I had to return it because it kept freezing up. Also, it didnt get Clash of the Clans game..
This makes three I have purchased. This time as a gift. Its fun, accurate and works.
I love it and my two year old loves it to I love that it has parental locks on it
Not much of a selection for shows or movies. Hopefully changes
I had read that the tablet supported gps, for Pokémon go. You can make Pokémon go work, but this tablet does not have built in gps, it uses wifi triangulation. It is great for watching movies, YouTube, and social media apps. It's also great for reading books.
Very easy and comfortable to use, almost use it every day. I would recommend this to anyone loves a book.
I bought this a few weeks ago and use it every day. i've had no problems and it works perfectly! My only complaint is the camera. The pictures are not as clear as I would prefer. All in all though, for the price, I would buy it again!
I have really enjoy my amazon fire tv. It has so many great apps and more.
My husband bought this forme as a "surprise"Christmas gift.I love the information Alexa provides and her assistance with my shopping list.
It's a nice item but really there's other things that do the same thing. So we actually returned it.
Love my Amazon Echo, the white looks good in my kitchen. Great speakers, play music all the time. Use the timer feature daily, also alarm ,shopping lists, and reminders. Wish I had one in every room!!!
Works awesome. Was hesitant at first not sure how it works but after playing around with it for a while you figure out all the cool things it can do.
Love the kindle fire. Great size and price. Fits right into purse.
I bought this thinking I would be a cord cutter, but the service I have if I do that would make just my internet within $$ of what I pay for both internet & TV. BUT...I love the extra choices that the Fire TV Box gives. SO many choices to try, some free, some free trials and some pay that I really enjoy. Cons...you DO need a very stable internet connection for this device and I wish there was more guidance available on use. Set up was E-Z. Literally 1-2-3. but after that is trial & error to navigate and is why 4 stars not 5.
Two of the best features are the small profile of this eReader and the ability to read it in bright sunlight. It is easy to carry and is ideal for outdoor/beach reading.
I just broke my 3rd generation kindle after many years, had to get a new one...the new kindle has more features in an intrusive format, it is hard to get books loaded, deleted, collected, and even to turn the page..an inadvertant tap on the wrong part of the page, or a twitchy finger, and you're down the rabbit hole..I really just want a reader, not another tablet
overall this is a good tablet. it is best with those who have Prime Amazon and the ability to watch Amazon video. a good price for a good tablet but has limitations based on the operating system. for video watching and basic use a good choice
This is a great tablet at a affordable price!! It's perfect for the kids and as well for adults, what you waiting for? Go to Best Buy and get one!
The Fire 10 will do anything that the I Pad will do, and is at a much more attractive price.
i bought this for my 4yr old sister and a 32gb memorystick to put all her movies on it and it works great, but you have to find a app that plays it since the install one was a little hard to use for a kid
Awesome product... I really liked this product....
I don't encourage a lot of TV watching so the Amozon Fire was a good substitute. It's great for travel. My granddaughter plays games as she learns. Good preparation tablet for introducing her to her next tablet in a few months. Using this one to teach responsibility as she learns.
Like it, it's easy to navigate have no problem. I recommend it to a friend or family.
Amazon - Echo - Black has come a long way from its roots as an online bookseller. Looking to branch into the Internet of Things the company released the Echo -- an internet-connected speaker that acts as a personal assistant.
Easy, intuitive set up. Excited to see new updates.
Great gadget for adults/kids with Internet questions and answers, alarm clock, timer, plays music, etc, and controlling home automation.
Bought this for my 9 year old as a Christmas present last year. He has put this tablet thru the ringer! And even though the screen is cracked, it still works perfectly! He loves it.
Well not as good as I thought but works fine for my children.
This device i exactly what i wanted, also i have purchased the Prime membership with Amazon which is great for ordering Amazon products, that gives free shipping, Movies, Music and TV Shows. Check it out.Definitely recommend it
This tablet is the perfect size for my kids. It has great parental controls functions and ordering apps is easy through Amazon.
I use it everyday after work for down time.........
This washer and dryer is very basic but still nice with lots of options. Great for my small family. Worth the money!
Great for reading books onlineI would recommend to friends
They just keep getting better. My wife used her original kindle with a book light, the lighting is so good on this one it's by by book light. The battery life is amazing
I like the tablet. It works really well. I ended up purchasing two, a black one for my wife and I to use and a blue one for our toddler son. So far so good. I did get free virus software with the tablet as part of a black Friday deal but it doesn't seem compatible with the Amazon Fire although it's supposed to be. Thus far that's the only downside.
This is my third Kindle and I love them! The advantage to this one is I can read it easily with no other lights on.
My kids use this when we travel and they absolutely love it to be able to play games, watch movies or just read books. We love these!
Its a good product . Speed , price and apps are apt
I bought this tablet on Black Friday, when it was on special for my little girl. I wasn't expecting much from the tablet... boy was I surprised by its capabilities! Love the tablet!
Well, it happened. I became a huge fan of e-books, preferring them over an actual, physical book! This old fashioned woman with a preference for all that is vintage NEVER EVER thought that would happen; then came the Kindle Paperwhite. I think I have read close to 10 books this past month because of the Paperwhite! I can make the font larger (which is great for my old eyes), and it is lit from the side, so it does not make my eyes tired like typical LCD screens, where the light shoots up at your eyes. Because of this, you can read easily in bright sun or in total darkness. Also, the battery lasts a very long time; I usually have to charge it only after reading a full book. And an added bonus is that you can't get any apps on the Paperwhite, which sounds like a negative, but that means there is no distraction/temptation to surf the web instead of read. When you open it up, you are committed to reading. It is sooooo much better than my Nook, which makes my eyes tired and is a distraction.It is among the best purchases I have ever made!
My nephew loves his kindle. Durable structure that can withstand drops.
I've previously owned a Nook and Ipad. This eReader is by far the best. The instant dictionary is a plus. Excellent for reading in bright or low light conditions. Easy out of the box set up. No complaints!
No Problems
The HD8 is a Great tablet. I purchased two for my daughter's. The tablet feels durable to touch. The screen picture is crisp and clear.
Bought for my mom to help her with her hand coordination. She loves it..
This is a good kids 1st. Tablet and for a price that wouldn't be too damaging if it happens to "fall" or "malfunction." Just be you install all the parental apps needed before you hand it over to them.
Hey it's only a wall charger...Hey it's only a wall charger...Hey it's only a wall charger... Yet to fail, nough said.
Great for use with the family and it's hard to figure out everything it does!
Slightly slow. However, really good for the price. Also... these Amazon tablets don't use the normal google app store... they use the Amazon app store, which is not as extensive as the Google App store. This can be a significant drawback.
Nice beginner tablet for the little one to start off with!
Very user friendly with an easy interfacing ability.
Bought for my children for Christmas and it's great. The Free Time children's app is perfect for keeping my kids away from inappropriate sites. Don't like the screen savers are always ads.
I am an Amazon Prime member and decided to take advantage of Prime Video and Prime Music. I recently "cut the cord" on cable and subscribed to SlingTV. Amazon Fire TV works great with SlingTV and many other apps listed in the description. The menu design is simple and easy to use. It is a great purchase and you can get even more out of your Amazon Prime membership with the Amazon Fire TV
I recommend this product to anyone who loves to read...great great great
Fire tv is great no problems at all the best purchase I've made this year
Love having easy access to my amazon prime account. Easy setup!
She loves it. She is 20 months old and already has command of it. Micky and Minnie rule it!
For its size this is a pretty well made product that produces great sound and I love the portability.
I love the new kindle fire. I bought the original fire back in 2011 and this is definitely an upgrade. The firmware is better, the battery last longer and the screen is better. All this for $40....can't beat that deal.
It's an alright tablet for my parents to learn and use for Skype
I love this!! It makes it very easy to listen to music and find topics of interest and places to go.
We purchased this tablet for my daughter for Christmas. She is in kindergarten, and her school allows them to take a device in to use in class. For $39 I couldn't beat that. Especially since i'm not going to send a 5 year old to school with an iPad!This tablet uses FireOS, which is Amazon's customized version of Android. Typically when I look at an android tablet, major deviations from vanilla Android will make me deduct ratings. The parental controls override any rating deduction in my mind. This tablet has the best parental controls I have ever seen! In addition, the alterations to the home screen make navigation pretty easy for my daughter. All in all this is a win win!The thing that has really impressed me has been the speed and responsiveness. Don't get me wrong, this is not a premium or flagship tablet by any means. With that being said, I have used Android tablets in this price range, and they are garbage! My wife has an insignia tablet that cost $70. It has a higher res screen and a few more features, but it nowhere near as responsive. When it dies it will probably be replaced by an Amazon Fire tablet!Keep in mind, Amazon is trying to hook you into their ecosystem. There are separate home screens for various types of content that Amazon delivers. Your books on one screen, or you can swipe to music on another, etc. From what I see there is no way to have more than one screen of apps. The nice thing about the Amazon ecosystem is that it is cross platform. They maintain apps for Android, iOS, Roku, Windows, MacOS, and so on. Also, their app store is not as extensive as the Google Play Store, so I may end up doing some side loading. That isn't hard, and instructional guides are available online for you.So in conclusion, this is a nice entry level tablet. I would bump up to the Fire HD8 for the extra features if buying for myself. However if buying for younger children or if you're really tight on cash you can't beat it! My twin boys are about to turn 3, and these might be on their list for birthday time!
Love the ease of Alexa. Easy setu and has great sound.
I previously purchased two of these for two other grandkids and they just love them and so does mom. She can set time limits, can limit access, and much more. Plus it comes with a two year guarantee , if the child breaks it, they will replace it. Did I mention that there is a sd expansion card slot to increase the storage capacity. These grandkids are 4 to 8 in age, but older kids would enjoy this also.
This fast charger gets my Kindle HD up to 100 in about two hours much, much faster than the regular 5W charger.-It doesnt hog two outlets when you plug it in. This new design is taller and narrower than the old square charger so it doesnt cover two outlets in a power strip. Its about 2.5 tall, 1.5 wide, and 1 deep.-It has a USB socket. You can use any Kindle micro-to-USB cable of any length. I use the economical AmazonBasics Micro-USB to USB Cable - 6 Feet with no problem.-It charges my Kindle HD from 25 to 100 in about two hours.My only quibble about it is that the two power prongs dont fold into the body of the charger for storage as they did with the old version. But thats just a quibble.
- A MUST for Amazon Prime subscribers - lots of media content - For PlayStation Vue subscribers, it's speedy and fast; works great- Noticeably faster than 1st generation Amazon Fire Stick- High-quality feel of the remote control- Smartphone App works grea
I have had a Kindle before, and needed a new one as the old one would no longer charge very well. Still adjusting to some different features from the original one. Do not like the fact that it is difficult to find a case for this one.
I just like reading amd playing games on it..Better then those bulky computers
I purchased this tablet to take to my classes. It's very compact and handy!
My grandchildren will love them. Christmas gifts..
The screen resolution isn't the best but it's great for the price. Does everything you need from a tablet. Some components like cameras aren't great but all in all its one darn good tablet
If you enjoy content from everywhere and have Amazon prime this is worth it !!One word. KODI
We all love it. Everyone in the family uses it. I had my command changed to respond when I say "COMPUTER". Good fun. I am able to access my saved music from my computer or subscribe and listen to music on Amazon Prime.
I bought it for my fiancé and he can't get enough of it. Awesome purchase.
This is a great product and for the cost, it exceeded my expectations! I would recommend this to anyone wanting to carry their book collection all in one device.
I bought this for my four year old. I haven't given it to him yet, but I'm impressed how easy it is to use and how many apps are available for his age!
I chose this product over the fire stick because it's hardwired to my Internet box give great speed without buffering I would recommend this if your router or modem is nearby w I chose this product over the fire stick because is hardwired to my Internet box give great speed without buffering I would recommend this if your router or modem is nearby your unit.
So many products on the market. This by far is saving me almost $250 a month on my Comcast bill!
I've installed and its working perfect Im very impress with the product next time I need any software I will always looking for Best Buy stores
I have enjoyed reading my books on this reading device. I recommend it to everyone I know
Upgraded to this from the Fire TV Stick, it's twice as powerful than the stick. I liked it a lot and got 3 of my coworkers on them and they love it. Great for travel, a dorm room & for not paying on extra cable/satellite boxes and their monthly vig.
I'm very happy with it. The sound is far superior than the Echo Dot. Really like the fact you can use it as an intercom if you have multiple Echos @ home.
Not much need for this thing, good price, but makes one wonder if they were on sale because they really don't do much and it would make a good gift for a youngster just getting started with a tablet. Not impressed at all.
This is the very best devise to read from. The print is one hundred percent book like. The device is light, elegant and a pleasure to use. There is nothing that comes close.
I bought this like 2 months and it's perfect, fast and durable My kids play YouTube all the timeThey love their tablet.
The amazon echo is great. She knows and understands majority of commands. I haven't used that much, but from what I have seen... so far so good. Got it on sale xmas season!
Nice tablet for my 8 year old daughter! Affordable! Charging battery can be frustrating at time. Normally have to hit power button to turn off and back on after you plug into outlet to charge or it will take many hours to charge. It is almost like it allows the tablet to reset to charge.
Excellent amazon fire stick. Set up was a snap. It is great that you can speak into the mic to search for a title of a movie or show, rather than typing it.
I tried my sons and loved it, I use it for reading and relaxing
Easy peasy to install and operate remote controller!
This tablet does everything the Ipad Mini can do except that it is cheaper than the Ipad.
Overall it's a nice looking cover and does it's job well. It's simple, elegant and slick. When I say slick, I don't necessarily mean cleverly devised, I mean slippery. The smooth leather provides next to no grip on the cover. I have a tendency to hold things lightly, so I can just imagine this repeatedly slipping out of my hand. Sure it doesn't have a band/clasp/etc to keep it closed, but neither did Kindle 2's cover, and neither does nearly every book ever published.It's too expensive. I don't understand why Amazon is charging so much considering they'll be offering another cover with additional functionality for half the price (AmazonBasics Leather Folio Cover with Multi-Angle Adjustable Stand for Kindle Touch, Kindle (Black)). What the heckPros:PrettyFunctionalCons:SlipperyExpensive
Got this for my wife's birthday. She had an older model and wanted an upgrade. She seems very happy with it and uses it every day
I checked reviews and ratings for the echo for a long while but was still hesitant about purchasing it. I didn't see the value in this product despite all the good reviews and ratings. I was convinced to purchase it at best buy when I saw it and it was out for display, my wife and I immediately started to test it. it was convincing because it was loud in the store but still the echo was crisp and loud. once we took it home we set it up and it was even better with all the features that this comes with. we use many of them. I like how it is built and how much it does. the echo is very helpful and now we are about to buy a couple more for around the house.
If you've an Amazon prime account this is a must have. Lots of free shows and movies to watch and lots of apps to download. Also a great way to have tv in another room without the need for another cable or satellite box because it runs off your wifi. Very small so it helps in keeping a nice clean entertaining alternative.
Sound is great. Voice control excellent and works with other ambient noise. Great for music, facts ,news and general info.
I chose this one because of the price and size of screen to use as an ereader. It has not disappointed.
I was able to get my Amazon Echo through the pre-release special pricing when the product was first released. Ever since I have received my Echo, it has been everything I expected and more. Amazon just keeps adding abilities to the Echo every week, which is great. The speaker on the Echo sounds great when playing music. Alexa is able to understand anything I ask about 95% of the time. I really enjoy having my Alexa Echo around!
This tablet freezes a lot when using it. It started out working good and then it started freezing when playing games.
Perfect for reading but also has many other functions. Downloaded my favorite games & travel apps. Set up easy. So far, works great.
I bought the fire for my father for Christmas. The is his first tablet and I was afraid he would not use it. He has not put it down and it could not be more user friendly! I would recommend to anyone looking for a low cost tablet!!!
I've cancelled my cable. Best purchase I've made in a long time. The picture quality is amazing.
It's worth the $50. The amazon App Store has a lot of potential. The UI is kinda like android but not as refined. I'm satisfied with the tablet.
Great service. So far have bought three. One for me and two gifts. Everyone likes it.
I use it mostly for reading and it works well. I only wish that the camera was better but it is okay for that price.
This device is faster than the firestick by far. Remote is responsive and when you click something it opens right away. Love the fact that it has ethernet which is a game changer when streaming.
Need to buy a tablet for my Mother as a Christmas gift. Functionality is great and she uses it for all her online needs
This was a gift and they love it! Its compact, they can surf the web, play games check emails etc
Thought this would be a great gift for the kids and the price was right
Very nice Kindle with a great Battery life. My old kindle was not able to upgrade so I got the new Kindle and very pleased with the product. Arrived as promised from BESTBUY.COM.
Beautiful screen, vibrant color, fast and best quality for the money.
I am totally happy with this product for my two year old grandson..he enjoys it when we are all playing on our phones
This is the best assistant on the market. Voice recognition is great.
The Kindle Fire is nice to use as a tablet to play games and surf the web as well as download and read books on. It has good speed, keeps a good charge and is affordable.
Very Nice tablet. Works very well. No issues. Nice video, and excellentwireless wifi, just a very smooth unit.
Can not print from this device...Using the touch screen is very difficult.
I love Alexa. Cannot wait to set up smart home and fully utilize all that Alexa has to offer. The Amazon music feature is a wonderful bargain!
My son is 3 years of age and he love the different types of learning programs this tablet has to offer
Alexa (AKA, Amazon Echo) Is A Complete And Absolutely Awesome Addition To My House And Home Automation, I've Even Brought Additional Smart Home Items For Her To Play With!!! Love That She's Always Learning.... Alexa Is Wroth The Investment!
The Kindle is great for reading on the go when I can't carry around a lot of books.
Good product but requires hands on to operate. Good if sitting close but not if you're mobile. Wold be great if portable and hands free. Returned it and ordered the Dot.
Great customer service. Very fast and accurate. I appreciate all the help.
Nice tab and worth for its money..got this from best buy during thanks giving and gifted to my friend...
I'm sorry I didn't buy it sooner! Very easy to use. Love it.
It's fast, beautiful and compact. A little expensive, but I liked.
Great price for product. It's get of you have kids.
My daughter loves it,she gets to play her educational games
Bought this for my daughter to replace a worn out ipad. She is happier with the size. The resolution is nice. Great buy for the price
The new Kindle Fire's price point is amazing. At $50 this tablet is a full-featured device that is practically disposable.
Very smooth and easy to use. I would buy another..
Great for getting movies without adding extras to your cable bil. Very small device.
The Amazon Fire tablet is a great starter or companion tablet for watching videos, reading, internet browsing, and the like. If you have Amazon Prime, then you better get this!
I absolutely love my Fire tablet. Great size, lots of space and a great reader. I can't recommend this product enough.
This is a great product. Very inexpensive and a great gift for children.
Used this on a trip from SF to Maui for my 4 year old. She loved it. Perfectly suited for a toddler.
I got this tablet just to try out because it's very inexpensive. I say it's great for basic browsing/shopping. As long as you're not expecting optimal performance, this definitely gets the job done.
Love my new Kindle fire. This replaces my old one and is just as good. Videos are as good as my tv with cable. Well with every penny spent and better deal than when I tried Amazon.
I purchased Kids edition for a gift and got this one for myself. The price was great. This is my third Kindle.
This is FANTASTIC! Alexa can hear ME clearly, even in a busy, NOISE filled room. With the TV blaring in the background , while watching a cricket match from across the room, I asked the question, she played the music I asked for. I love it. You just have to say Alexa first, then ASK away!
We bought this for our kids when we were traveling to the Caribbean on vacation. This was the perfect lifesaver as we were able to load up with lots of apps to keep them occupied.
What a difference it makes to read from the paperwhite instead of iphone!
Best purchase . Use it daily. Loads fast great buy...
I decided to buy the Amazon firestick tv after already purchasing firestick based on the fact that firestick tv box is 4K quality . And it does not disappoint ! If you have a better picture quality tv , definitely recommend the higher quality firestick tv to get the best picture possible ;-)
does so much at a voice command. music, news, weather, answers questions, but becareful. it doesn't distinguish voices, so someone could buy something and charge it to your prime or credit account
To much programming especially for road and traffic congitions
I enjoy my kindle fire very much. Great price. Buy
I bought the fire stick but wanted something a little bigger for my den with more storage. So I looked at the amazon tv and it was exactly what I wanted.
I liked this product and its very good for daily use.
I was surprised at every thing this little fire stick could do!
It was a gift for 10 year old granddaughter. She is enjoying it very much and can do all she wants (games, music) without any issue.
Bought this as an extra tablet for travel & shopping..it is perfect for what I needed smaller than my other tablet but functions almost as well.
Fern Michaels book Hideaway was not sent to my reader.
The fire is a very inexpensive tool and toy for those of us just startuing to explore the world of diwloading.
Great for my kiddo! He loves to watch Sesame Street on it :)
Purchased as a gift so I cannot review this product. However, I have an older version Kindle Reader which I love!
Bought this for my son, it's been through some stuff and still going strong
Alexa isn't as smart as I thought she would be but is pretty good.
Good small tablet for all purposes for reading, playing games
Used it for 2 days and the screen froze 5 times--the kindle just won't switch on. Had to restart each time, and sometimes restarting won't help. It is clearly defective. Brought it to a Bestbuy store to exchange, but custumer service won't replace it. Asked me to look on the kindle shelf and there was none. Then they said they could give me store credit, and I would go line up in checkout and order a new one. Since I got mine on a discount, I had to pay the price difference!! This is ridiculous. They wouldn't order a replacement for a defective product, unless I pay more?? Got a refund in the end even though I liked the product otherwise and would much prefer an exchange. I guess purchases with discounts are not protected.
This is an excellent tablet for someone who just needs something simple and doesn't want to spend a lot of money. One of my favorite features is the fact that there is a memory card slot, which means that you can have virtually endless memory. This was an important feature for me since my iPad does not allow that.
Does the job I expected for the price I paid. Good stuff.
I decided to cut back on bills so bought this to stream movies an TV shows. Works great so far as long as my Internet is good.
I usually read in bed and found this reader to be too heavy and bulky. I originally didn't want to pay the higher price for the Voyage but I exchanged this one for the Voyage and I am much happier with it.
Compared to the initial kindle this is a big impovement. Great for the Black friday promotional price.
When my Kindle Paper White was damaged (my fault), I was looking for a replacement. After reading many reviews online, both from "experts" and normal users, I chose the Voyager. I've been very satisfied with it. I particularly like the pressure sensitive edges for turning pages.
The price is low because Amazon uses their adds to subsidize the price. The actual tablet works well. The biggest negative is that you can only install apps from the Amazon store. There are many Android Apps available in the google store that are not available in the Amazon store.I primarily use the tablet for bible gateway, dish anywhere, play some games, read the newspaper, and Facebook. In the future I want to try to use it with my local library.
Nice upgrade from my old kindle. I like it very much.
Fast functional easy interface small great control Kodi mobdro Amazon what more can I say
These are great for my teens to use at school. Now that their school uses online activities.
Easy to use and install Love it I get to stream almost everything
Love my tablet. It exceeds my expectations. Doesnt have Google but i make due since i primarily use it for Kindle
I purchased for my 2year old. So I could keep her off my phone.But I use it also. It is our first tablet it is user friendly for both myself and 2year old.
The Fire TV helped my LED flat screen tv become a smart tv to watch Hulu, Netflix, and listen to music.
After reading various reviews for different streaming devices I went with the Amazon Fire box. Once I purchased the fire, I want on line and went through a number of you tubes to find the easiest downloads. This device works great. I am enjoying many different programs that my cable does not have.
The charger won't stay securely connected to the Paperwhite and wiggles. It will only charge when held at a particular angle.
It is a good product - enjoying more options for movies
i purchased this for my wife to read books on she enjoys it
amazing good quality great sound incredible range love it
The Fire TV is an awesome device. Great for Netflix and Hulu streaming.
Purchased this as a christmas gift for my mom who isn't to tech davy. She loved it and says its easy to navigate.
great size to take everywhere and super fast, good battery life
Alexa is not able to answer more than basic querys
My kids love the tablet and the battery life is amazing.
This is a great product for my home entratainment !!
Love the Kindle! Does not need any light,fits in my purse,lightweight!!
the tablet is great for kids. it's ok if it gets damaged because the are so cheap compared to an ipad. easier to just got get at BB
I own both a Amazon Fire TV and Fire Stick. The Amazon Fire TV is by far superior than the Fire Stick. The Fire TV is perfect for all-in-one entertainment and perfect if you're looking to get rid of cable/satellite tv. Also very ideal for Kodi
this is the best thing in town. i love how quick it responds to commands, i enjoy the nice quality of music all day long
Great Tablet. Its Easy to use and it's kid friendly.
This was a simple set up. Worked immediatel . We added the net gear extender due to the size of our house and llocation of our tv.
Great tablet. I have a I pad and I am just as satisfied with this tablet as I am with my I pad
This tablet is so fast!!!! It has everything I want on it!
loved the voice search easy to install and very easy to use
My family loves their kindle fires. These are a good quality low price tablet that lasts about 4-5 years. We have had trouble with the charging ports going out after that time but for the price they are totally worth it
I bought this fire tablet for a friend who has been laid up and unable to walk since November. She loves it! It is very entertaining. She even watches movies on it! I am going to get one for myself!
The device is easy to navigate, easy to download books.
Music plays loud that I can hear it in my other bedroom on Max 10 volume!
Son wanted for his birthday. It has been great for music, lists and information.
Controls everything in my home. I would definitely buy it again.
Enjoyed my first Amazon Echo. Bought this unit as a gift for my daughter.
Bought for my grandson and the programs that were included with the device give a wide variety of education tools
Got the Amazon fire tablet for my daughter n she loves it. It had some good games n learning stuff on it n she needs that at the age of 4.
We were looking for an affordable, quality tablet - and this did the trick! We are Fire fans!
I bought this gor my daughter she enjoyed that she was able to stream her videos and also do her school work.
The paperwhite feature works great. Can read books in a room with low light
Should be included with the Kindle.
The controller and box are compact. The use of device is straight forward, but still requires a few days to become intuitive. There is a problem removing the battery cover, that allows replacement of batteries. It was immovable, and I finally had to use a pocket knife to pry it open, scaring the bottom of the controller. Amazon should have spotted the problem before going into production, accounting for the 4 star rating.
Absolutely love this product. Best decision we've made for entertainment.
I have several of the fire sticks. This is faster and works better than the fire stick.
Enjoy having a device that I did not have to pay for through the nose. Enjoy having a device that makes it easier to read on the go.
Great for reading on the go. Kid friendly. Easy to use.
Its fast when you request artist songs and albums and weather
I love it! I also have a fire stick. I got the firetv box thinking if I need to run Ethernet I can. But I've had no reason to. Processor is great!
Echo gets me the news in the morning, and operates my thermostat. I can change the "wake word" to "Computer", and play StarTrek captain.
I HAVE SEEN THIS DEVICE ADVERTISED . I DECIDED TO GIVE IT A TRY AND AM SO GLAD I DID. .IT IS SO NEAT THE QUESTIONS YOU CAN ASK IT AND IT COMES BACK WITH THE ANSWER IN 1 SECOND.. I ALSO LIKE PLAYING MUSIC THROUGH IT.
My fire TV did not disappoint !! I am able to do everything I wanted to do and then so much more !!
I originally bought this tablet for my granddaughters birthday gift. When I saw how easy it was for her to access her homework and other reading materials she needed for school I was so impressed I bought 5 more for each one of my grand kids for Christmas I would recommend this tablet to family & friends.
i would recomend this product to anybody kids and adults
The Echo with Alexa enabled is an excellent personal entertainment system. She is quite intuitive and always learning. Highly recommended.
Awesome Tablet for reading books. Very easy to use. Great value for the price.
Purchased for my 9 year old. Great for kids. Ads on lock screen are annoying and battery life is not as I'd like, and takes a long time to fully charge. Must prepare and charge overnight.
I was really surprised by how long the battery still holds charge when not in use. Screen is awesome for a low res.
Necessary for recharging Voyage kindle.
Great device. Some limitations, but she is not God.
We've bought two now and this version is a little lighter w/larger screen and just like our first one, really simple to use. We call them our tablets. They're super afordable and worth the $. Our first one was double the price so couldn't pass up this deal. It still works great and has been dropped many times by my toddler. Has all the same features as the child version I think. Great product!!
The tablet is good for a 12 year old, i got it for my niece for Christmas and it will do what she wants,which is to play games and read books. Amazon is a little annoying because she had a hard time downloading some of the movies, because it wasn't "compatible", which is dumb since its their tablet and their site she was getting them from.
Well, its a little weak but its cheap. Good for the Amazon Ecosystem if you don't want or need googleplay and all that. Can still side load apps, but some might not work correctly if you need a play account (like clash of clans will install but not let you log in) Some other things were a pleasant surprise that they actually worked, even though they were not officially sanctioned by Amazon. Battery life leaves a little to be desired and the tablet can get warm. Cameras are not good at all, but I guess would suffice for video chat. But for a name brand and only $50, there isn't really much room to complain. The ads don't get in the way much, but you would have to pay $15 to remove them. I would leave them and save the money. Bottom line, you can't really go wrong with the price.
This tablet gets the job done! It is a 50 dollar tablet, so know it is limited in what it can do. It does what I purchased it to do. Basically read email, watch videos and to do social media. You shouldn't compare it to a higher end tablet. NOT the same! You'll have no complaints if you know going into purchasing, you get what the price reflects!
Lightweight, perfect size. Love the built in light.
Fine for reading, ...haven't used it for anything else yet
love the fire tv box. its faster and runs a little better than the firestick. Both are great products. love that you can add 3rd party apps to them for even more movie and tv options.
Great product.......................................
This was a gift for my granddaughter. She absolutely understand how to use the tablet and totally enjoys the product. Excellent charging time and last her all day. Best buy had the best price out of the 3 nearby stores. Staff was very friendly and efficient.
Watching movies listening to music, reading books. All for free and easy to do.
Amazon has hit it out of the park with this one simply amazing.
This version of kindle was not very impressive to me. Navigating was easier on my older kindle, this model is smaller. Also I have had an issue with charging on this device since I purchased it. When it does accept the charge it will charge to 100% rather quickly, however the battery life dies out so much faster as well. At times when I am using I will try to keep the charger connected due to this problem however it is constantly making a "ding" noise off and on as the charger connection does not fit well & keeps falling out. I even purchased another charger to see if this would alleviate the issue, it did not.
My 5 years old son has loads of fun with this tablet. I would buy again.
You get much better sound from the Echo than from the Dot - need to add a speaker to the Dot, adding to the cost. Wish these devices did a better job of looking info up on the internet. Siri seems to work better in that regard.
Child loves it. Can be used for more than just a time killer. Can learn from it.
Performs as expected. An excellent value, especially for lose looking for a reasonably priced gift for techies...or for kids!
Great item, I can say it feel just like working with an iPad. Picture, sound, size and touch are very sweet.
Use mainly to listen to music through Amazon prime.
I bought this has a gift for my kids. They love their Amazon Fires. A few down sides with the internal memory and speakers. Pretty weak in these areas. The memory and speakers definitely could use some upgrading. Fortunately the device has a slot for memory cards and we can connect to a Bluetooth speaker. To get the maximum use of the device you need Amazon Prime. Compared to Netflix, Prime is very competitive.
Good upgrade to the Firestick. Alexa search works well so you can quickly find titles.
Great quality and easy to use! Can't beat the price either. We bought two of these and a little over a month ago and they operate very smoothly. We use them for streaming shows, movies, playing games and surfing the net. I have nothing negative to say about this product.
The Amazon Fire tablet is a pretty solid tablet reader for a very low price. Reading Ebooks is very comfortable and there are some really great apps available through Amazon's App Store. The one drawback is the web browser; it's a bit sluggish. This tablet is great if you are looking for an e-reader, and the price is outstanding, but if you are looking for an actual tablet computer you should look elsewhere. Don't buy this expecting it to perform as well as an iPad; it just isn't that kind of device. Overall, though, I really like this.
I had seen Alexa in action a few weeks ago and recently made this purchase. She has been a great addition to our family! My next move is to control other devices in the home.
Clear screen, color and size, grandson loves to play games on it and I like to have it with me to view emails during commercials while watching tv.
I have already got 2 from Best Buy before this is my third one
The echo is amazing! I highly recommend this product!!!
I really like this product. Much better than my old kindle
I purchased the amazon Fire Tv as a way to save money by canceling my cable subscription which was around $150 a month. I used it on my old Samsung tv and purchased a subscription to Netflix around $10 plus high speed internet $40 and side loaded Kodi free for a total saving's of $100. so far I've purchased around 5 amazon fire tv's.
My daughter loved it . Best gift for the price it comes with way more then I could have expected
I bought this for my mom and she absolutely loves it.
I like the tablet . It is vary good for reader who likes to read .my kids read books on it alot.
This kindle is perfect for using on my commute. It is extremely lightweight and easy to use and it fits just about in any of my bags.
Was very surprised with this tablet, nice beginner tablet, works well with Mine Craft pocket edition with no lags. Purchased 3 for my kids and niece on Black Friday for $33.
Great option for my office to make use of my Amazon Prime membership. Better if it had a browser but the voice option Alexa is wonderful. Search app option is welcomed. I may add the game controller soon.
Great replacement for the disappointing tablet that my daughter last used before it died.
The Amazon echo is a fun item for entertainment, and provides lots of options for games, and general help, like a 'ask jeeves'.
I got it for my kids and they love it they are always playing with it
Haven't used product yet. Still reading user guide
Its worth to buy this table for the price. elegant design and response. feel better than samsung tab
Purchased this for my wife during Christmas and got a great deal on it. Compared to the older version that she has this model is faster, brighter, and more convenient with Alexa. I would recommend this product looking for a tablet with lots of features packed in it.
Alexa is very fun and entertaining. We use her for our shopping lists, hearing the weather forecasts and listening to our favorite music!
The Kindle Paperwhite give me the freedom to read where ever I go. Whether in sunlight for darkness, it is easy to read, and with the plethora of titles available, there is never a dull moment.
This is a wonderful device and I would recommend this to anyone.
Installed the Echo in to my house that we have Nest thermostats in and WeMo light switches its interfaces with those devices are flawlessly. I can ask Echo to turn on or off lights or set the temperature on my thermostats. It does too many things to list. The voice recognition is the best I have used on any product.
I went into bestbuy to purchase a replacement after mine died. I loved my kindle, and decided to get 2-in-1 with the fire. It is perfect for my needs.
Bought this for our year end holiday party raffle prize pool. Great price and people always have a use for an amazon tablet. Came with Kaspersky for free as well, which is a pretty generous complimentary add on.
I bought this to utilize playstaion vue to cut my cable. works great
The Amazon Fire - 7 tablet is a terrific tiny tablet for the awesome price of $50. I can easily access the Internet wherever there is free WiFi. I can carry oodles of books with me wherever I go. It's fast, sleek, lightweight, already loaded with apps I want to use, and a steal at the price! I don't have a smart phone by choice and find that the Fire-7 meets my needs sufficiently.
Steady learning new things daily on my new Kindle.
Caught a Black Friday sale and was worth every penny. Does all the essentials with a great picture for videos.
Best kindle ever! Easy to use and so beautiful kindle. I really recommend this kindle.
I purchased this Echo for my uncle, who is a IT Network Architect and loves everything tech. He has a smart home so he's basically able to carry out everyday tasks with ease (lights on/off, thermostat, grocery list, security system, etc.) He loves that he's able to play his music just by taking to Alexa. I'm so glad I got this for him, he loves it!!
I BOUGHT THIS TABLET FOR MY GRANDSON IN HIS BIRTHDAY, AND HE IS SOOO HAPPY
Great product! Needed something I could travel with.
Puts out a full 1 amp power allowing a faster charge or power supply.
My granddaughter loves it best thing ever I highly recommend it
There's things she cant do that are very useful. Certain commands she cant do. Listening to music, weather, setting alarms, asking about your schedule, setting reminders=great.
A few years back I asked for and received a Kindle for Christmas - LOVED IT. So I bought this one as a gift for a first time tablet user. They are extremely happy, it is simple to use. This is a great little table/ computer that now comes with a regular re-charger. Strongly suggest this table.
Bought this tablet for my daughter so far so good!
Works so well I wore out my old one and had to have another
It is amazing that a quality tablet is this reasonable. I got a special price, but, even at $50, it's a deal. The down sides, not enough to rate it low, would be the apps are not Play Store, though the OS is android based. You may not find certain apps you want, but, there are many in the Amazon store to choose from. Also, the screen savers are ads, but you can pay $15 and Amazon will take them off.
I love the fact that is very practical and I didn't have to spend a lot of money.
I have really enjoy this new kindle. I have the older version and this was a great upgrade.It is very good on my eyes and it is also great for night/bed reading
I have 4 other kinds of tables. This the best I have had. I can listen to music, read a book, listen to a book, or watch movies/tv shows.
Love it so far. Looking forward to connect whatever I can. It made my life easy already.
Nice price for the new model with Alexa built in and expandable storage!
No complaints from a functional tablet that does all you need for a great price!
I upgraded from an old kindle. It's really nice to have the backlight and slightly larger screen.
I bought 2 of the Echos and gave one to my wife. She really loves the Echo because the music.
Best electronic device purchased in a long time. Nice to be able give commands without getting out of your bed/chair
I have this model Kindle and purchased another for a gift.He is not very savy but Kindle makes it sooo easy, he is happy.Such an easy tablet!
I love the amazon echo! You just talk to it and ask it questions. It plays any song you would like to hear, checks the weather, creates to do lists, orders things off amazon, checks traffic, looks anything up off the internet. I love it! We have 3 in the house now!
Great device. I purchased this for my uncle. I have the same device and it works great for our needs. I use it mainly for games and reading.
My kid love it.its an excellent one................
Kids love these and use them not only as readers but as mini tablets. Great price very happy!
The Amazon Echo is a great tool to keep around the house. We keep ours in the family room/kitchen area. Simply ask Alexa a question and she will provide the answer. Also, link up to Pandora or your Amazon music account and she'll play music for you. Good speakers as well..
Amazon Fire TV is a great streaming box, easy to set up and use.
Excellent voice recognition. Plenty of new skills to extend Alexa's intelligence.
I purchased this as a gift for my wife and she loves it! Long battery life, small and convenient to carry and great book selection.
I got 2 for my kids for Xmas and there working real good they love them and I love the price better then eBay ones that would only work for some time then will stop charging
Theses kindle fires ate great for everyone. They are easy to use; have lots of features and are prefect for reading, playing games, getting organized and having fun. My kids use these all the time to do homework on, read books, watch movies and play games. I love that they have decreased the price and are easy for kids to use.
My daughter love it she don't really brother me it keep her so busy
Love this box. Streams really well and fast. Great for adults and kids
Order two and love them. Great gifts for anybody get cases for them
I am really happy with my Echo. So far it has been very easy to use, although we havent completely figured out all the functions. It was fairly easy to set up.
This tablet is quite durable. The pink is vibrant and it's very easy for little fingers to hold. My granddaughter loves it.
I like the definition but the software has bugs. I had to return mine.
Perfect gadget for reading purpose. Reasonable price too.
Cheap an easy to use for my 6 year old sun to play. Easy navigation lots of games to choose from along with apps.
I got this for my mother who isn't very tech savvy as I needed to get her something to get use to touch screens and smart devices. Its fairly user friendly and she is doing well with it.
We got this for our daughter before an overseas trip. She got a few books and loved it. It has worked well for her.
Bought the WeMo wifi switch and plugged the tv into it, great for voice remote turning on/off the tv
Amazon fire was awesome! They are cheap but they work just fine!!! This is my 2nd ones so far great for kids!
Enjoying my Tap, asking Alexa questions, and the small form factor makes it easy to take along while traveling. Decent battery life and sound for such a small speaker. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars, was the difficulty in connecting the Tap to public wifi's such as hotels, in my situation...takes some effort.
THESE WERE BOUGHT FOR YOUNG BOYS. SO FAR NO PROBLEMS. VERY DURABLE. VERY CAPABLE.
Very easy to set up and use. Good sound. I use this daily for music, lists and reminders.
My wife was getting frustrated that she couldn't see the screen on her Nook Samsung Tab 4 when she would be on the beach or out in the sun, both places she wants to read. After comparing reviews of the Kindle and the Nook Glowlight Plus, she chose the Kindle and has been quite happy with the decision. She gets most of her books from our library with Overdrive and has had no problem with downloading them from Amazon. The Kindle is light and holds and feels like a book. She added a cover off Amazon so it turns on and off when it is opened/closed. She likes being able to read out on our deck or in the sunroom just as easily as she does inside.
Purchased for household use, mainly for music streaming using Alexa App.THE PROS: Ordered online..easy. Received fast. Easy instructions & was hooked up in minutes. Wifi hookup easy too. Alexa app easy to work & figure out.Setting up with Pandora & Spotify for Music was easy too. ~so i bought a second Echo for another room.. I now have them in sinc to play music through the house. Voice recognition works well too. THE CONS: this uses a lot of data. If yours is unlimited..no problem. I don't use the Echo (Alexa) much during the week but play music for hours on weekends. I was on a 1GB plan prior to owning Echo.. now I have upped my plan to 6GB & may have to go a bit higher. ~just FYI.But still, no Regrets! ~Love it!!
Live the ease of use. Recommended for anybody that has Amazon and isn't a fan of goggle.
Bought tablet for my dad to use, he is 80 yrs old and has never used a tablet before, he caught on quick. Size was perfect for him to handle.
These are great tablets for anyone wanting to get into the tablet game. A friendly UI for just about anyone. Not to mention, for the price and being able to add an SD card for additional memory, makes this a great tablet.
Great tablet and easy to use for a beginner to use
Very good Product. Easy to read with the extra lightings. Look wise it is good
It works great I love it. I used to have a firestick and this was an upgrade.
Amazon has been the leader in this space of voice recognition and with the AWS engine behind it, there's a lot of opportunity for development, both from the community as well as Amazon. Naturally they favor interaction with services they sell, so others will need to build links to others, but the development environment seems to support a lot of innovation already. The price of this TAP was outstanding, adding it to my existing ECHO and now considering a DOT.
Bought this for someone special. Has not been operated much yet.
good product, takes some time to train it how to use our other smart divices.
We bought it two days before it went on sale for Christmas and Best Buy was excellent with price matching
I've purchased Kindle Fire in the past for our girls and they loved them (literally) to pieces. They lasted 2 years before cracked screens meant replacement was necessary. These new kindles at such a great price point meant a no hassle replacement was easy! They work great and the girls are happy.
Great tv box that has a lot of capability over th competition.
Paperwhite is light. Light feature is a must for night readers. No paper! No more trips to the library. The library is in your hands. 8 months and counting with no issues! Can't go wrong with amazon products! Why are you still reading this review? Go to your local best buy and purchase me the amazon kindle paperwhite now!
I have eBook readers on my iPad, but my Kindle is much more enjoyable to use for reading books. It's lighter weight and non glare screen make a big difference.
I am enjoying the Tap very much. Lot's to do and play with on the app. Still finding new things it can do daily. Great sound quality to play my music. I only wish that it had a better search engine.
very easy to set up and use.... no eye strain, very easy to read on
Got this tablet for $35 for an older family friend and it is simple to use. Certainly doesn't have a ton of capability, but is more than adequate for basic email, web surfing and taking photos/videos.
Despite not being able to get one of these from Amazon until late June due to apparent strong demand, Best Buy was able to get one to me on the day of its release, April 27. Well done Best Buy! Having owned several previous Kindles, including the most recent Paperwhite model, I was unprepared for how small and light this new Oasis model is -- reading about it is one thing, but actually holding one in your hand is something else entirely. The Oasis and its battery-charging cover together weigh only one ounce more than the latest Paperwhite with no case. The Oasis _without_ its cover feels impossibly light at 4.6 ounces. Size-wise, the Oasis is nearly a square shape at about 5" wide by 5.5" tall. In fact, the shape is so different from traditional Kindle designs that I had to compare it next to my Paperwhite to verify that the screens are actually the same size (they are). It's the first Kindle I think I could easily fit into a jacket pocket without any effort, For frequent travelers like me, this is a key reason to buy one of these, as it's extremely compact and easy to pack in a briefcase or purse. The screen is the first front-lit Kindle I've ever seen where you simply cannot see any trace of the LEDs from any angle. No dark spots, no bright spots...just a completely uniform illumination from edge to edge in both directions. The "page" also appears to be nearly flush with the top glass surface, helping achieve the illusion of printed paper. It's sharp and clear, better than any Kindle I've used. The reader can be easily separated from the battery case by simply pulling them apart, since they are held together with magnets. After doing so, this is where the Amazon engineering team's achievements really become clear, as you just won't believe how lightweight this thing is. It's easy to imagine holding onto it for hours without any arm fatigue, and switching from hand to hand is a simple matter of rotating it 180 degrees when switching. The display instantly rotates, and the page turn buttons also "follow", with the top button always used to advance the page, and the bottom button always used to go backward. You can also use the screen to change pages as you always have with earlier touch screen models. The battery on the reader has a lower capacity than the cover's battery, so it runs down faster if you don't have it connected to the case. It's very easy to snap the reader back into its cover, which allows it to recharge while you continue to read. The power button and charge port are located in the upper top-right corner, more or less opposite from where they are on the Paperwhite. I find this location to be less awkward, as it's easier to reach on the top than it is on the bottom edge. The back surface of the reader (not the case) seems to easily attract fingerprints, and they are not so easy to clean off. You'd think that Amazon would have figured out a way to prevent this by now. It's a minor annoyance. Lots of reviewers in the tech press have complained loudly about this model's high price relative to other Kindle models (without ads, it's $310 vs. $139 for an ad-less Paperwhite). Is this a lot of money? Perhaps, but if you are a book addict and value an extremely lightweight reader that's easy on both your arms and your eyes, then I personally think it's worth it. A lot of thought and effort clearly went into designing and building this unit, and the price reflects that. Is it for everyone? Probably not, but there is obviously a market for it when you consider how many months you'll have to wait to get one on Amazon's website. If you are a serious reader, this device deserves a very close look -- I'm definitely keeping mine!
Purchased it for the wife she said it's easy to read in any light and she loves it.
I'm happy with my purchase is all I can say. The only complaint I have is that the 3.5 mm Jack is right next to the volume button and it gets in the way.
I bought this tablet for my mother-in-law. She loves it! It was the best rated tablet for the price and is a quality product. Does everything she needs.
huge visual improvement for my on the go use. works just fine.
This is my 2nd. kindle and wouldn't go without one for any length of time.Great to bring along on a trip and easy for anyone to use.
Easy set-up. Fun for the kids. Alexa can even help with homework.
It is too narrow, if watching a vid or utube, some of the pic is cut off. Can't erase the entire history. It keeps it and then recommends still based on your history, even tho you have cleared it. Amazon selling ALL the time is very tiresome. I never go to an ad that follows me from site to site yet it's ubiquitous. Tiresome. Had the fire 8.9 hdx. It was Perfect and they discontinued it for this line. It is a fingerprint magnet! Have to clean it daily.
I'm a Prime member, so this was a no-brainer. Wish you could get the "pirates" version like the stock though.
The kindle has done everything that was in the review and great price. Very easy to use.
For my son as a present for college books. 5 textbooks were 1/4 the price on kindle than if we bought them on Amazon, this is my third kindle. Other two still working great,
I thought I was buying a 9 Amp
I loved everything about my kindle paperwhite but then while reading the other night I swiped to turn the page and nothing happened. It froze after using it for about two years, give or take a couple of months. I've tried restarting it but it does not shut off. I advise you also buy the extended two year warranty or just go back to reading real books.
I never thought I would make the switch from actual books to electronic media but I don't regret it, not for one minute! With all the free books I have already downloaded I will be reading for a lo-o-o-o-o-o-ong time!! I'm adding new books every day and the options are endless! And....I don't have to have the light on at night to read in bed anymore! Love, love, love my Kindle!
A great beginner to experience tablet users. Even though its amazon, you can still get through the net to google.
A great money saving alternative to the ipad for my son who likes ti play games and read books.
I bought two of these for black friday and the kids love them
My daughter loves her Kindle Paperwhite and reads on it every night.
I really enjoy this Kindle Fire. The ability for expanding the storage is a life saver.
We already saved money purchasing this and getting rid of direct tv monthly charges
So much better than my previous kindle, I've used my new kindle daily and I'm not much of a tech person. It is light weight and easy to navigate. The battery holds a good charge as well
I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired
Got 3 of them, great cost for what you get. My kids are down to only one left. Killed 2 of them sadly. Setting up can be a pain. Kids keep asking to add more apps. You have to delete the old to add more. I'm starting to dislike them more then the kids like them.
This Fire 10 is so much better than my old Kindle Fire HD that I now wonder why I waited so long to upgrade. The 10' display is awesome and the speed is very good. All the Amazon apps from my old Kindle were immediately loaded onto my new one and adding the others through the Kindle app store was quick and easy.
I bought this for my seven year old. Last year was an iPad and lasted 3 months. I couldn't see spending $300 on another so I settled for this kindle. She loves it and I'd recommend it as a great tablet for the younger kids and at a great price.
Amazon fire tv is a great product save a lot of money not paying high cable prices
It's easy to use and we love it. Our grandkids find them very easy to use
I love her...she tells me jokes and tells me the weather and the news...we play games ..she's the bomb
Product was as described and delivered on time as scheduled.
Search menus are far more user friendly and we haven't experienced any lockups, which happened frequently with the ROKU devices.
Got this little gem for a family member for Christmas. She travels a lot and this works perfectly for her on the plane. Screen quality is pretty good. Not high def but good. My niece loves her new tablet.
The Amazon Echo is very easy to set up and is very useful. It is also fun to use. I keep learning new things it can do on a daily basis.
Bought as a Christmas gift, everything seems great.
E-Reader battery doesn't hold up as long as stated.
Mostly just use it for the speaker. Still waiting on the no touch feature they are adding.
This was a surprise when we opened it up! Bright and colorful!!
if you know the workarounds of the amazon kindle environment, this tablet is a good choice. cheap, lightweight and the expandable memory are the best features.
My wife just opened this for Christmas. She is enjoying it so far. Looks and operates as good as any we have seen recently. So far so good.
This was a great Christmas gift. the price was great and the amazon fire is small enough to bring with to travel .
(accidentally posted the wrong review for wrong tablet earlier)This tablet is a steal for the price. I have an old version but bought this one for my sister. You can read books, magazines, stream shows, play games, stream music, and use almost any big named app you can get on google play or apple store. It also gives you a month free of Amazon Prime which gives you so much more to do with this tablet. Honestly considering buying one myself a new one.
Keeps the kids busy with games and activities and they really like it
Absolute best for kids. Bought three for ages toddler to teen and it's perfect for each.
If is the easy to set up and use ...Got everything I wanted and more the speed of the tv box is great !!!
Good performance for most apps. However, I primarily purchased it to watch PS Vue, and although the PS Vue app is better than on Roku, it suffers from more lag and glitches than watching PS Vue via PS4 or PS3.
my niece love it, of course her older and wild siblings like taking it from her but overall she say she love it.
Had the Fire HD 7" before and just wanted to upgrade. Loving it so far and really enjoying the bigger screen!
great product She is very smart. easy to use and display.
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she loves it
Echo has many possibilities--- we don't get to far into them. Mostly we use to stream music and news sources. The device is active in our day to day....It reads me then news while I make coffee-- We also use it to order an Uber.Highly recommend
Great purchase for my son's 6th birthday. He love it and the kid account is a great addition
I have 2 of these in my home and love them. Alexa voice commands are fun to mess with. I use these for Amazon Prime Services and Netflix mostly. This model is more than double the speed of the sticks and have 4K support. I love the expandable storage and the fact I have KODI on these bad boys makes it all the better.
Great tablet for toddlers. Easy yet fun. I purchased two tablets for my grandkids, ages 2 and 4. They both love it and enjoy playing with it.
Pro's: many. You can integrate and use easily with Spotify, Sirius, and Wink just to name a few. Great for news and weather too. Con's: For the privacy conscious, this is not your best friend as it listens for everything just to catch the word Alexa and the following command. For example, if you mention in a conversation the word "alexa" it will do whatever comes after.
The Amazon Echo is great for finding your favorite entertainment and a good source for practical information. Great gift to give or receive!
I have the HD 7 and an HDX 7, and the 8 outperforms them both. If you are an Amazon fan of the eco system, this is a must. The screen is bright and crisp. The processor performs very well with the latest software update. I love it.
At first wasn't sure if I would use this product all that much but now love it! Listening to Howard 100 at any time, and getting the minutes it will take to get to work so I can plan when I really need to leave the house! And the weather response has been very accurate!
So far I only see one flaw that bothers me, no volume control built into the remote, the device is very fast, easy to setup and use, though it does offer prime video stud right up front, but a couple pushes of a button and your on to your Netflix or hulu or what have you, works great with plex as well.
All of the sales people were very helpful with selecting the proper product
Got 2 of these for Christmas gifts for our grandsons & they love them!
I've had a Roku and Apple TV, and also used an XBox One to access services such as Netflix. The Amazon Fire is the best I've used so far. Simple, clean, attractive interface. Very responsive. Since I'm an Amazon Prime member it made sense to look at this when it was time to upgrade. Love it.
Got it as a gift. The text of the ebooks werr crisp and very easy on the eyes. Usually with ths kindle app on ipad we distracted onto other apps or browsing but kindle helped overcome this issue. Highly recommend for anyone looking for ebook reader with good quality content library of books.
Its good to have along with cable. Hopefully you get one as a present and not purchase yourself
I purchased this Kindle because I had one of the old ones and I was unable to read it in the dark. This new one solves that problem. My only complaint is that if does not have the hand feel that my old one had, but I had purchased a cover for it and it felt like a book. I probably will get a cover for this one which will solve that problem.
The kindle paper white is Lightweight, easy to use, works great outside, love reading at night with the built in lighted screen too! Love how you can adjust the size of the print so easily too!
It was easy to install. Provides amusement and entertainment every day.
Download games, movies, education apps to help ur kids to learn to read do math problems and keep them entertained while on the road or family trips
I bought this for my sister, who already had the Kindle 7. For the price the 8 is better. First the obvious. a inch more screen does make a difference and the HD makes reading and streaming alot clearer. Being able to add more storage with a micro SD card is a huge plus as well. This device includes a camera! And last at under 100.00 makes this a huge value for a great tablet.
Good for streaming off internet , no buffering on Lodi and live tv !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Better than nook also cheaper. If toy areally looking to use as a tablet not the best choice. Great for reading and basic searching.
Upgraded from a Fire Stick so I could use Ethernet instead of Wi-Fi. Much better performance (at least for me). Easy setup. Mostly plug-play-enter user names and passwords for services. Somewhat Amazon centric, but works well for Netflix and other Apps. Hoping they add support for Apple.
I was a little skeptical on this at first, especially with the price tag to it, but after buying it, it's such a cool piece of tech to have at home or your office. I have one in both places, my girls like using it at home to have dance parties and they're learning the voice commands pretty easily. I use it at work for music, trivia and there are so many other cool tricks it does that makes it a must have.
If you don't want to pay the extra for the smart tv, add a Amazon Fire Tv, to your tv and you will have a Smart tv. Great for the price.
I had a fire stick that I was having issues with connectivity. I didn't really want to spend the extra money but I'm so glad I did this thing is fast and the remote works like a champ
SPECIAL OFFERS means there are popup ads when you turn on the Kindle for games and books. I called amazon and they want me to pay $15.99 to turn this off! I am returning this and buying another brand of tablet. I am DONE with amazon they will never get a dime from me!
This tablet is really good for reading and may be used for some browsing. this is overall good deal for the price
I love the auto dim feature for reading at night! I have no problem reading in sunlight either. Can be held with one hand and turn the page with the same hand. I have 3 other kindles and I use this one all the time.
not necessary
The Echo responds to "Alexa" and you can ask things like what's the weather tomorrow; scores of your favorite teams; play music from prime; set a timer to alert you; shop for Amazon items. Alexa is constantly learning what your preferences are the more you use it.
Could be faster, gets a little laggy sometimes, but for surfing the net, checking emails, games, books etc, its a great little tablet, and you can't beat the price
Great item for someone who is home alone, most of the time. Talking to it is an helper in accomplishing complex tasks. Listening to it is pleasing in sitting still.
I love using it to read and surf the internet. It is also very handy.
Did everything I wanted. Definitely need a good Internet connection
i brought this to my daugther and she loves it, she can go on netflix, amazon music and youtube easily, good display pretty good volume
The Fire is an amazing product at an amazing price!
Love my kindle fire. Great size for reading. Battery long lasting.
Works as advertised. easy to use and easy to read.
Good product, more convienece & good price. Do and I will recommend to my friends
I purchased this and was on the fence but after using it I have purchased more.
Great sound and portablebility. Nice style, lithium battery, requires wifi and there are internet radio stations and news. Amazon has features available as well. I use mine a lot.
Bought this for grandson because it was cheaper than a kids tablet. Bought a case and it works fine.
If you're just going to read and play a game or two, maybe surf the internet a bit, this is an ok tablet. But if you are a heavy user, I'd tell you to pass on this tablet because it won't keep up with your surfing/games/e-mail.
Not much to say as this is a wonderful reader, probably best yet. Bought 3 as gifts this year.
LOVE my Kindle Fire. Functions well and is a great and cheaper tablet alternative. Does everything I would want a tablet for at a much more reasonable price.
I LOVE MY KINDLE! I surf the web, take pictures and play games on it. I use it everyday.
Overall it is hard to say this is a good Tablet just looking at it in a vacuum. That being said when you take the price into consideration, it is hard to say it's not a good value. The screen isn't very bright so outdoor use is difficult ( I wanted to use it as a screen for my drone but its not ideal), and it's locked down by the Amazon Echo System. It does work and it doesnt hiccup or struggle too much and again for the value especialyl when I bought it for $33 its hard to argue. It can also be hacked to install the Play Store on it which makes it even more of a value.
Bought her for my son and daughter, Just love Alexa
I have dabbled in the market for a inexpensive tablet for a while and found this and boy am I glad I did. Tablet runs faster than I thought and has a very good display. If you can't afford an Ipad get this!
I know there's a separate product page for the origami cover, but it's worth mentioning here as it is the "official" cover. The origami cover is ugly and I was skeptical, but I actually love it. It's weird because it opens by flipping over the top like a notepad. This actually makes it more comfortable to hold when the cover is open, in my opinion. It's hard to describe, but there are a lot more ways to hold the Voyage when it's attached to this cover, and just generally is more comfortable to use. The origami part of the case works great as well... it stands vertically or horizontally (if you're laying down and reading, this is amazing).
Great little tablet for taken on my commute to work.
Liked this so much also bought for Christmas 2 Echo DotsGreat Companion when you work from home
I purchased this as a gift, but have owned three myself. Hands down the best reading experience. I LOVE my Kindle!That said, this version of their software lost some functions in terms of listing and collections that I really miss. Improvements always have a price, I guess.
Cant beat the price for a tablet. This is the best bang 4 buck.
This is the best entry level tablet for kids. Cheap and with the Amazon free option you can give your kids what they like on your own terms. Also consider getting a protective case with it
Easy to use and download books. I like carrying many books with me in this tidy little package.
I purchased this device as a gift and I got a positive review from many sources. It is good for the eyes and does what it is intended for. Price could be little bit cheaper, other wise there is no complain amazon kindle has a lot of source for books
My niece and Sister loved this. It seemed to be a big hit and helped them with another way to watch netflix...
the best streaming player ever and super fast for you tube and netflix
Bought this for a 8 yr old and its perfect for what she like to do
Love the kindle fire. WI'll be buys kids one for Christmas
This was a birthday present for my sister, and she had no trouble getting it set up for use. I was happy to find one with 16GB, not an inadequate 8GB. My other purpose in buying it was to test (on a cheap machine, just in case!) a procedure for installing Google's Play Store. That was a success, and I got a Fire HD 10 for myself.
Sturdy item great value for price. User friendly. Highly recommend.
Works easy in every place I go.
This is such a neat gadget.my daughter absolutely loves it!
I love all of my Amazon products and this one is no different. Great quality and clear pictures
I bought for my wife who is not particularly technical. She enjoys reading eBooks now and likes the form factor and library of books available.
Great deal. Very good sound quality. Fun just play with
Love the kindle fire and can do just about anything with free apps!
It's a great product the sound quality is amazing.. would recommend this to all my friends
I really like the fire tv box. This was recommended to me by an Amazon sales rep stocking the store. My favorite part about it is that it plays 4K uhd video! Very fast and smooth, and actually takes advantage of the AC side of these new routers! Much better than using the apps built in to the tv!
This is one of the perfect tab for kids, I bought it for my niece and she loved it.
Size, brightness, and convenience are good. The option to link with android products for messages is a little hard.
Would definitely recommend! Works well with iPhone
Easy to setup. Great voice recognition. Shopping list app is wonderful!
Perfect size for playing online games and searching the web.
Overall, very impressed especially when compared to my iPad mini 4. This tablet does it all and makes for an excellent e-reader, while also boasting specifications that rival any iPad.
Pros:CheapFunctions wellUsually pretty fastCons:Wifi signal isn't as strong as more expensive tabletsScreen pales in comparison to other Kindle'sFrequent burn-inIf you're looking for a cheap tablet that works, this does that. If you're looking for a top quality product at a bargain bin price, this isn't that.
I first thought I would never need something like this but ever day I used it more and more.
They are the best choice for everybody in the family i bought for my family and they truly live it and it was a great supper dooper deal.
The fore lived up to its reviews. Great tablet for my elementary age grandchildren.
This came in the recommended bundle and works well.
I really love how this product works. It is fast and easy to use when the erthernet cable is connected to the router. The WiFi distance to the router is very poor. You almost have to put it next to the router. My TV is about 50 feet from the router and I am able to use nextflix WiFi without any lag, but the Amazon fire TV is not in range. It is in range right next to the router.
Bought this on a whim.. I love it. Perfect sound quality and in general well put together.
Good tablet. A lot of tablet for the money. Great for kids
Happy with device. It works as advertise. Can not stop using it.
When I first opened the box, I was unsure as to my feelings about this new Kindle. BUT, after learning to use it, the performance has been first rate. The variable brightness makes it easy on the eyes to read day or night.
I bought this for Grandpa for Christmas, he has never had a computer or tablet and this was great for the first timer. Easy to use.
Many uses weather, intercom, purchasing, games, and it continues to add functions
This is a great device for entertaining at home or just lounging on your own.
Got this for my dad for Christmas. He loved it! He gets on and plays games and browses on the internet. Screen is not to big but not to small it's perfect for him. Works fast! And has some cool little updates such as "Alexa"
Works great as an e-reader, lots of apps and is Good for basic web browsing.
This tablet makes for the perfect gift! Highly recommend
I love mine so much I bought my grandkids all one.
Although not the most powerful tablet on the market, I would say it's a phenomenal tablet for the price. Compared to my ipad air 2, it's an inferior product, but considering it was 15-20x cheaper, it is impressive today the least.
My kids can play, read, watch movies and much more love it!!!
This tablet is mainly use for my children I highly recommend it
The tablet is not top of the line, but for using it for games, reading, watching movies, it works great. A lot of inexpensive tablets are junk but Amazon has put out a reliable product. I would recommend also getting a micro sd card.
Easy to use day or night, Charge lasts a long time. Kindle much better than my I pad as a reader
Never owned a tablet before, but am loving it so far.
My son loves his tablet! It's easy for him to use and he enjoys all the games that come with it. No problem with the storage or speed of apps. I previously bought him the Samsung tablet and when that broke it was difficult to get it fixed. I like that Amazon gives you a two year warranty.
I bought this as a gift for my grandkids. They absolutely love it!
Runs Great, very efficient for what we use it for.
The only thing is you need to do is subscribe to Amazon music. It doesn't come with Prime
IAlexa is a good tool to get families together. We gathered around to take turns asking questions. it pushes the voice recognition software because there are more than one voices to "learn" from. Poor on written instructions but online feedback is very responsive and helpful.
Price was reasonable and it is easy to use. It is just the right size for traveling.
Bought two of these for the kids so they would not fight and could each have their own. They love them so far. I like that I can add an SD card for extra storage.
Bought this as a gift for my mom and couldn't be more pleased at how she is enjoying it.
Not only was this on sale for an amazing price, but I love the parent controls on the Amazon Kindle!
Purchased for my son. He really likes it. It does everything I want it to do without offering too much access. The option to lock it down for a certain amount of time each day is something my wife and I love, so he doesn't overuse technology in lieu of other activities.
Very good product to have at home, comes in handy and makes life a bit easier
I bough this tablet for my father and he loves it. It's pretty simple for him to use.
I bought four of these tablets for my grandkids for Christmas. I already have three Kindles myself I am very pleased with. It's so easy to use the tablet instead of my desktop computer. Great sound and graphics!
I added to my gift card that I got for getting my iPhone SE . I already had a fire stick so I decided to try the fire tv . It has a lot less buffering than the fire stick . It also seems to operate easier and has a little more to offer than the fire stick
Amazon updated their Fire TV box and this is a good option if you want a 4K upscale tv box.
Still working with it and Im still learning about but so far I like having it. Got a few things working (lights, bluetooth, music). Can't wait to get the rest of the smart items for the house.
What can I say, if you enjoy books and magazines it's hard to beat. Not backlit but not an issue for me. I take it everywhere and enjoy this version very much.
Alexa is revolutionary. She does so many things. No reason to be jealous. Bring her home,invite her in!
Bought it for my husband's birthday so he could read books and download music. He loves it and for the price it was well worth it!
I gave this as a gift to another and got it back. I use it for fb and web, also, reading and Alexa. Can't be read in the sun.
I love electronics and thought the Kindle would be nice but certainly not something I needed. It is a reading game changer. It is so easy to take with me, holds a charge for such a long time, but the best part of all is how comfortable it makes reading. My eyes are never strained, I can read in bright sunshine or a deep dark cave. Being an Audible customer, I can switch back and forth from listening to reading and the Paperwhite always keeps my place, it is just amazing!
Replaced my old Kindle Fire with this White Paper. Wasn't sure if I would like it without the color screen and WiFi connection, however, with my Smartphone I really don't need those functions anymore.
For it's price point, this is a great little tablet. As long as your not looking for something to do everything, you'll be happy. This was given as a gift and the recipient was very happy with it.
Sleek packaging easy set up and great for anyone who wants a e reader with more to offer.
The item is a great tablet for basic uses such as email, youtube, and facebook.
Love that it is so small .it fits in my purse. I wish I could have gotten a different color
It freezes a lot. Lots of problems getting games to cooperate. But overall, my son loves it.
Easy to use, good battery life, great back lighting.
This is a great product and very convenient. It was easy to set up and connect to my Hue lighting. The Echo's ability to play music on demand is a great feature. Well worth the money for what it is capable of doing.
Purchased this as a gift for my wife because her B&N Nook was dying. She absolutely loves it, especially since it does so much more. I'm now waiting for my Nook to start acting up so that I have an excuse to get a Kindle for myself.
So I've seen this at the mall and the TV ads and thought hmmm that sounds good. Note mine does not sound as good as the units I've heard play music at the stores. I don't know why and there does not seem to be any adjustments you can make to that. All you can do is say volume up, volume down or say volume lever 1-10.At no time was I told that you needed to use your smart phone and or table to down load the Alexa App and then run everything through that. Most of the time I say Alexa who is Morris Knight. "I don't know" Alexa was Morris Knight a VJ on MTV. "I don't know". Alexa can you tell me who was a VJ on MTV "I don't know". So I get "I don't know" more often then an get and answer. If I do get an answer Alexa will often give me an answer to a for a different person the person I asked about.If you have a Amazon Fire Stick. Don't ask Alexa about a "MOVIE" or is Joan Collins in the movie The Virgin Queen. Because for me anytime I use the word "MOVIE" she will turn on my Fire Stick. So if you are watching something else you are no longer watching it. She can turn on the Amazon Fire Stick but she can't put your TV back to what you were watching before.The Echo device will often tell you to go to the Alexa App. So I'm really not sure what the Echo Device does. Everything is run through the Alexa App so just get your table out and use Alexa that way?I'm just not very happy with this purchase. I went to the Mall and the person said "Bring in your Tablet and I can see what is going on". So see it's driven by that tablet and the app right?
Had a first generation Nook, this was way more than I was expecting. Plus the Prime membership is worth it just for shipping !
Excellent product. Lots of upgrades to Tap since original release. A joy to use.
This firestick have made me completely independent from cable tv...
My 2nd one. They work great.
Excellent and inexpensive. ITunes store and Google Play store have more apps to choose from, but this is still a very useful tablet. Expandable SD micro memory a definite +.
My son loves it !Never had this when I was his age
Great for my needs that are beyond the tablet applications
Once you get the Amazon box you don't need to pay for cable again!
I bought it for my daughters gift, she loves playing
Enjoy using my fire tv I have taken it out of town and it hook up just fine
Easy to set up, sound not bad for a Kitchen Location. Use it everyday!
I brought this for my 8 year old granddaughter. She loves it. She use it to do homework on, play games, watch videos. She loves it.
Great product with a ton of features. Add the Echo Dot to get even more out of it
Love white background and. back lighting. Much easier to read than earlier models
Great product. It is very easy to use. Does what it's says it will do.
The echo is a great addition to our house. Love that you can ask her anything. It always answers instant. Wife uses the timer all the time. Plus now she listens to music all the time.
I have purchased this tablet before and I"m very pleased with the performance and has not disappointed now or in the past.
I would be happy to give it as Christmas gifts to many of the people I know. I love the size of the screen. A charge last and the Bluetooth sinks well with the wireless keyboard. It's almost as good as I IPad.
Great tablet for the cost. I am going to buy more.
Super great if you're an Amazon Prime member, and still very, very good if you're not,
It's awesome being able to have 4K capability and being able to play games but it does get laggy at times.
Great first tablet or just a great tablet in general.
This box is wonderful, meets my expectations plus some. I gave up cable and tried it. I don't watch a lot of movies but this box comes with a lot of selections in my opinion more than basic cable, and if you have prime even more selections, theres a lot of free shows just download the apps for them.
Really fast small and easy to store away and I always use it at work.
Really enjoying my product. Clear pictures, great sound quality
The Fire TV was purchased for our living room and we primarily use it for watching Playstation Vue and Netflix. We already had a Fire Stick for my daughter's bedroom which we have found to be painfully slow. The Fire TV is a completely different experience - great performance and completely worth the extra money over the Fire Stick.
Good battery life. I don't have any problems connecting to Wi-Fi.
BYE BYE CABLE TV, KODI ON THE FIRE TV TAKES OVER..YES SIR
I'd recommend this highlyGreat buy for the priceGood graphics and easy to use.
I bought this as a gift for my stepdaughter. She seems to be happy with it
Amazon has been marekting this via emails to me for a while. Didn't think much of it at first until I found out this works well with home automation. I have almost every light in my home "connected" using a Smartthings hub. I look so cool to my friends that have never seen an Echo before. With a quick command I can turn on or off any of my connected lights one by one or use an IFTTT command to turn everything on or off. Yes, it works with IFTTT!!! You can get pretty creative with it. Having a multi-level home, I can command Echo/Alexa to unlock my front door after seeing who it is via my Ring doorbell :). This is one cool device for lazy people like me LOL. I use it to get the weather, traffic, sports scores (Go Warriors!), and create/add items to my shopping list. It plays music from numerous streaming music services but being a Prime Member and having used everything from Pandora to Spotify I find Prime Music the best for my taste in music. It's also free with my Prime Membership so I don't have to listen to ads or get stuck not being able to skip a song I don't particularly like. I've also just recently purchased the remote which is a great accessory. I leave the Echo in my dining room/kitchen area and I can send commands to Echo from my bedroom without a glitch. I can't wait for my Echo Dots to arrive. Call me an Echo fanatic but I tell you...it's an awesome piece of technology. And it keeps getting better as Amazon continues to develop and add new features. My only gripe is that I can't control my home security system with it. Simplisafe just doesn't want to play with anyone...boo!
Weather, traffic, music plus over 1,000 more skills and counting!
I have the Echo, Echo Dot and both work excellent with my Wink Hub and Nest thermostat. No complaints so far.
The 7" fire tab is a good buy for the money, especially if you got it when it was on sale for 35.00.
I have owned a few kindle's in the past and this one works as good if not better than the others. I'm an avid reader and I get a lot of use out of my kindle and it's small enough to fit just about anywhere. I love that it comes in different colors too!
I needed a tablet to replace one that daughter broke. So I looked around and came across the Kindle Fire. From the start, I wasn't disappointed. It's fast, very responsive and perfect for my needs. This will be my go-to tablet from now on.
I recommend this product highly if you want to stop paying high cable /satellite bills.
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite for my wife for her birthday. She doesn't always have an easy time with technology, so I wanted to make sure that it was simple to use. The Paperwhite was very easy to set up and she downloaded two books the first day, one from the library and one purchased. She now takes it everywhere with her and loves it. Mission Accomplished.
i picked this up for my LED tv that came out a few years ago. this is great because i can use the apps like wwe network, HBO go etc. i got it on sale for 70 bucks deal of the day. well worth it.
I took it on vacation in the Bahamas and Bald Head and read in the sun and in the pool.
Product works as expected. Easy to set up and easy to use. Love it
Second generation Kindle finally died, and already have Android tablets, but the Kindle app on those tablets isn't easy to read and the tablets are heavy.This new Paperwhite Kindle is awesome for reading only, and is lightweight with extremely long battery life.Best dedicated Kindle product yet.
Watching lots of shows without any issues. Easy to setup
Bought two Kindle Fires, one for My Son and the Other for My Nephew, as Christmas Gifts. They were on sale for about $53.00 and I must say that it was very well worth it. The size, weight and portability is amazing. My Boys get to watch all their favorite shows and take pictures. It keeps them busy while I get done housework. I'm extremely glad I chose the Kindle Fire and I would definitely buy again and recommend to a friend. Fyi, My Son is 6, My Nephew is 3 years old.
It does more than I thought it would. I have automated many parts of my home and it is more then just a gimmick.
Love this! I usually read at night, so I don't need a light on to use the kindle to read.
My husband is not much on high tech, but he loves this updated version of the Fire Tablet. He uses it mostly for Bible reading. He says it is easy to use and he can find passages much quicker than with his old kindle
This is my second Kindel the old one gave out after many years of service
Good value at a very affordable price. Can't beat it.
The fire tv is one of the best android boxes out there great for any streaming media you can imagine
Durable and inexpensive. Just bought two to replace my kids' fires that were over 4 and 2 years old, respectively.
i love it just dont waste your money to pay for geek squad to install it, it takes less than 5 min and it basically installs itself
So many ways to use this. Easy, fun, and helpful to have around.
The product came as described and has been working great
I bought this as an upgrade to the kindle fire that I bought my wife 3 years ago. She says that it is easier to read and loves the smaller size.
Great for kids. Easy to use. Great price. Would recommend.
i really like this product bought it as a gift for kids
Overall pretty good picture. Picture settings are actually fairly accurate out of the box. HDR 4K picture is great when streaming from Amazon.
Kid proof and works well!! There are plenty of apps too!
Echo is an excellent gizmo for people on the Amazon eco system. It does/has many things - music, weather, news, jokes, trivia, Bluetooth, speaker, good mics, home automation integration, calendar etc. It lacks an advanced capacity for web search which I suspect it's competition from Google may have. It also lacks in smart TV integration. Some other nice to have would have been a battery in it making it a little bit mobile and integration with other intranet speakers. Overall a good idea and one that will get better over time.
I purchased another Amazon Fire this year for my other grandson for Christmas. It is a very good buy for a child's first tablet. It does not have a lot of memory but can be expanded. The Amazon Fire allows for games, movies, and digital books to be used. The price is awesome for the value.
4stars bc the voice recognition needs improvement! Other than that, it's amazing! We use it for music, news, and my children use it for educational purposes, but my son figured out the music very quick! Only had it for about a week now, so I'm sure we'll figure out more as we go along!!!
This allows us to watch what we want to watch ,when we want to watch it.
Works well, kids love testing it and "adding" items to the grocery list.
This tablet isn't the brightest, lightest, fastest, thinnest tablet on the market, but i have Amazon Prime and it allows me to shop, do a little gaming, watch videos and movies, listen to music, read books, and browse the internet. I mean really, what else do you do with a tablet. More that satisfied.
I needed an Android device to run an app no longer on the iOS App Store. I later learned it wasn't in Amazon's store so I had to install a work around. Got the Play store, downloaded the app and deleted the Play store. It wouldn't be my first choice in tablets but it doesnwhat I purchased it for and does it better than I expected. I don't appreciate the lack of security and encryption but I intentionally leave private info off the device so it doesn't impact me.
I use it to stream movies while on the tread mill at the gym
I bought this Amazon Fire for a Christmas gift during the Black Friday sale. Great product for the price offered!!
Simple, easy to set up and an all around great product
If you have Hulu, Netflix, amazon prime, etc... get this because you can control all of them from this device it's awesome and faster than the Fire stick and you can play games too gotta get the game controller totally worth it
Definitely the best streaming box in the market especially the new 4K version. I love this box better than Apple box.
Overall this is a great product. It sometimes freezes with some of the games but other apps work great. Alexa is a great addition.
Amazon Fire Tv was quick and easy to set up. After signing in with my prime account my son was able to watch a bunch of shows and movies!
Best gift ever, now she leaves mom and dads phones/tablets alone and plays his own, which is also locked down as well. And thanks to the low price, I bought for his siblings as well, there is peace now
This is my first kindle and I have been very pleased with it for what I payed for it.
Item arrived as described. No damages and fast shipping.
Being used to an Ipad this is difficult to adust to but does the job just fine for a low price - good size to carry around without weighing down your purse. Would buy again
I bought it as a Christmas gift and the person enjoys it.
Purchased for a xmas present and it has lived up to the hype.
Great! Plays all my favorite music and news hands off
I have implemented several smart devices throughout our home like Nest thermostats, a Sonos controller, WeMo switches, a Dropcam HD camera and a Ring doorbell. The Echo is quickly becoming the smart hub to control many of these devices. Setup was quick and easy. Integration with my Pandora and Spotify accounts was a breeze. Now I just need to patiently wait for my Echo to beginning offering Sonos control.
I bought 3 of these for Christmas gifts. Great gifts
My baby boy has one, I knew my girl would love it as well. Fun games and the AppStore has access to new games and books.
Bought this tablet for my Step-daughter for Christmas and she loves it so much I asked for one for myself!
Good tablet at affordable price, I would recommend for kids or only browsing
It downloads any book you want, I'm an Amazon prime customer with books unlimited and I love reading any book I want as many time I want for just 9.99 a month. The kindle is just the right size and shows grrreeat!
Wanted to upgrade from a fire stick, so much faster. Upgraded processor, more ram, and Ethernet makes a big difference.
this works great if you use amazon a lot and watch movies from amazon
I was an early adoptor of the Amazon Echo, when I heard they were releasing a mobile version I wanted it. It wasn't until we spent a lot of time cleaning our old home before moving that we realized how usefule this lil guy was, just set it up to your phones wifi hotspot and you have a fully function Echo. I would buy this again if I didn't already have one.
Very fast, very functional. Love the e-reader function. Movies, music and internet work great. LOVE IT!
I enjoy being able to view all the online videos that are out there. This allows me to view everything I could imagine with the added ability to view videos that I have ripped from my dvd collection. I didn't give it a 5 because I can only figure out how to view movies on the Micro SD card not the included USB connection and it tends to abort after an hour or so on a couple of movies I wanted to watch. Not sure why, others are fine.
My Kindle is great! Easy to use, works great in the dark or sunlight.
I still haven't been able to figures out my kindle, it seems like it has very cool features but learning slowly how to take take full advantage of it.
This tablet is only about average, but it is fine for my grandchildren, they have lots of fun playing the games
Tablet was ok when it worked. Seemed to always have to reset our Wi-Fi at home for this one item. Everything else worked fine.
Bought the fire for both my grandkids. They love being able to surf the web and play games.
Love, love, love the tablet and all it's multi uses and functionality. LOVE IT!!!
Lightweight, performant, and packed with features. This device is great for reading, music, or movies on the go as well as web browsing and email.
I have bought two for my house and bought two others for friends and family. It's a hit!
Kindle is great as long as you only use it to read books. The web interface is pretty rough, so I put books on it straight from my computer. I love that you can e-mail files directly to your kindle! The lighting is also much improved from the last time I had an e-reader (the Nook) and is perfect whether you're reading inside, outside, or in the dark.
These make great gifts. It encourages reading, and the camera is a great addition.
I love it!! It can do it all!! Beautiful color graphics and in no time at all, I can watch a movie or play games or read my favorite novel. I love it!!
Working great as a first tablet for my grandson. He loves it
This is my second Kindle Fire, and the only reason is because I upgraded. They're a great little tablet. Very versatile and fast loading times. Definitely recommend.
I bought 5 last year and 2 more this year for gifts. They are simple to use and the youngest can even do it himself (5YO). Get the Kindle free time for the kids. You can set the amount of time they can play games and then they can only read books. Great for the whole family!
Got this for my 9 year old after her ipad crashed and burned. She does not like androids at all but I couldn't afford a expensive tablet for her. So we took a chance with this one. She is pleased and I'm pleased it seems so sturdy , not cheap quality at all. Going to get our youngest child one now. Very pleased.
Great battery life and having the back lit screen allows you to read in dim or no light.
Best tablet, good price, nice looking. Ordering on line was easy.
Best Kindle yet, better resolution faster processor, very flexible use
I am very happy with my Amazon Fire TV. I set my 19 year old daughter to install it and she had it up and running in a matter of a couple minutes.
ilovemy kindle 8" . However it has crash a couple of times and am not sure why. also the 8" case is not made for this kindle because the clamps used to hold it are right on the buttons to turn on and volume. so if you have a better case for it please let me know.
Tried the Firestick but was unhappy with processor and streaming quality. The Fire TV solved those problems. I like using Alexa, wish she could see content in PlayStation Vue app but otherwise this works great
This tablet is the perfect size for kids. It's great for adults too if your looking for something not so big.
SuperFun to use.easy set up and great product.
My 3 and 2 year old download their own games.Easy to set up and get working. Thanks to parental Control, I know what they are downloading
The Amazon Fire TV is very reliable and worth the price if you are a serious streamer I recommend it highly!
This is a great tablet. It keeps my kid occupied for hours if I need to.
This is a great reader for children or adults, students, or just for pleasure. It's small, lightweight, easy to transport. It performed as expected based on the product description and reviews. It met or exceeded my expectations. I can use it at the pool, at the beach, in the house, in low light situations. I love my Kindle Paprewhite.
Very nice screen resolution. Easy to read in both sun and in the dark.
Overall, this tablet is great for kids and adults. It's not overpriced and you can do a lot with it. Including, browsing the web, downloading paid or free apps, downloading books free or paid, listening to music, shopping right through amazon, storing files, and plenty more. I wouldn't trade this tablet for any other.
I had no idea that Alexa would tell me jokes and play games with me! I'm still in the process of discovering all of the things my device is capable of. My only disappointment is that I get a lot of I don't know answers to questions that I expected it to be able to answer. Or maybe I'm not asking right??
Very very good table nice definition and quality I like
Great product for the money. My family and I are enjoying it.
Alexia has been fun and very informative for our family. The grocery list feature is worth her cost. No more list to keep up with and the whole family can inform me through Alexia without forgetting to put on a paper list.
It is easy to operate and happy with Amazon Fire. I wasn't sure how it was going to work but very satisfied of my purchased.
Bought this for my 3 kids aged 9,7,and 2. They all use it with ease. They each have their own account with appropriate games. We like the protective cover that absorbs drops and falls well.
Truly amazing combination of portability and ease of use and good sound.
Nothing really great about it. It's basically a box to watch Amazon on demand. I have a smart tv, so to me this useless.
I bought this for my sister after her child stepped on her laptop and broke the screen! She is in love with it - it's just the right size for her to do her photo editing, surf the web, watch videos, etc. It's quite durable as well - seeing as how a four-year-old has his hands on it quite often :)The only thing that could be improved is the camera quality - but we didn't buy it to take pictures with. Just to edit them!
bought both the echo dot and the echo home the tech responds to commands from everyone in the house including the kids but the echo search engine needs a lot of work
I returned the item for the Echo Dot, and purchased a separate bluetooth speaker. This provides more flexibility from my perspective. I have 2 Echo Dots and both are excellent,
I love reading books this way. This is my 3rd Kindle. My first was the one with the keyboard, then I got a Kindle HD. I wanted to be able to read outdoors so I bought the Paperwhite. I love it.
Bought this kindle for myself, can't wait to open it.
I like to read before sleep to help me wind down from busy days, I love being able to quickly download books and take them with me wherever I go also. I use this Kindle to play games sometimes also, but it's a bit slow for that at times. Perfect eReader though, and a great price!
Bought this to carry around because it was cheap so if it was stolen, lost or broken it would be no big loss. Started playing with it and this is a VERY functional tablet. While it's not my iPad Pro it is a great little entertainer, reading books, listening to books, searching the web, Facebook, twitter and it's small and keeps you connected.
I love it so much, high recommend !Alexa will be your friends.
Both of my kids love this tablet. The option to set it up for the kids is great. My 7 year old likes to play in parent mode conpaired to the kids side cause there are not a lot of options for him. Very good product would buy again
I purchased b/c my old kindle fire finally bit it ...screen went dark. Very happy with this one. Cost is great. The screen resolution is great. User friendly. My favorite feature is the SD card so you can add more gb.
Loving my Echo. I mostly listen to music. And ask random facts but it was definitely a plus for me.
good for reading books. light, handy but not so much for browsing.
also great for listening to music and also for movies
Bought this for my gf since she is on her phone playing games etc. I've used it a few times and like it.
Just the right size for e-mail, games, and surfing. Fits in most purses or backpacks. Love it!
Good product with excellent options from the Amazon app store.
I purchased this device for the text-to-speech function which is does well.
Bought it for my granddaughter. She is so smart. She can get on and find her apps. She lives the videos and games.
Bought it on Black Friday as a gift for my mom. She's told me about 16 times how much she loves it. The only trade off is a smaller screen but still a great buy for the price
I love this Kindle Fire....I bought it as a reader but really about the only thing I can't do on it is make phone calls. Great price for a great product.
Kids have only had for 3 days and love them. Screen doesn't seem to slide as well as other fire devices. But screen protector solved that anyway
My son loves this product and uses it all the time.
Love the child profiles for my kids and all the parental controls! Great for price
For the price, it's tough to get a better tablet than the Kindle Fire. It's not the same quality as higher priced tablets, and you're locked into Amazon's ecosystem, but if you're an Amazon Prime member and are looking for an affordable tablet, the Kindle Fire is a good choice.
I got this to replace my Samsung tablet. I read alot and so i figured that the kindle would be ok to use. I have found that it works great with the books that I read and I really like the Blue Light feature making it easier to fall asleep reading.
Purchases as a gift for my niece in the Caribbean. As soon as I gave it to them they hooked it up ti the wifi and was ready to go. They enjoyed every minute of it
We got these tablets for our 4 year old and 9 year old and they love it.
It is small,lightweight and fits easily into a backpack
Love it, great for intertainment and I would recommend
Its a steal at 33.33$. I bought the second version of Kindle fire 3 years ago. And its still running great, even with respect to battery life. I have gifted everyone in my relation. Bought around 10 of them for gifting.
Perfect for the cord cutter. Very easy setup and user interface. Can add games and most apps for Android based.
The first kindle I purchased only worked for a week. Thankfully, Best Buy did a full return. This one works like a charm! My kids love it!
I bought this for my daughter as a birthday gift and she fell in love with it. She loves the feature to buy from Amazon without lifting a finger.
Didn't know I would like it this much, but it's wonderful. I use it mostly for streaming music from Pandora. I love that I don't have to rely on another device and connect via bluetooth like other speakers and the sound it great!
Pretty cool tech gadget to have around the house. Sync Pandora and play your favorite songs. Responds well to commands; can hear and recognizes her name from another room. She knows sports scores, weather, etc. but she can also be stumped. So far so good. ~
I enjoy reading ebooks on this tablet as well as watching videos. It's just so handy to carry around in my purse.
Would recommend this product to anyone looking for a tablet.
The echo is an excellent product for listening to music and asking any question imaginable
I bought for my son, and He love it, He is 8 years old
The size of the Kindle is handy for taking it with you wherever you want to go; is user-friendly and easy on the eyes.
Another great product from amzon. My daughter has nothing but great things to say about it.
I got this tablet for my nephew and have downloaded a lot of educational apps from the Amazon store.
I really like the Anazon Echo. I'm still waiting for them to team up with Sonos so I can play my music using Alexa.
A must have, if you are a Prime Member. I love Alexa. Plus the kids love it too, they keep asking questions to Alexa.
I really like the voice control. It takes all the effort out of doing searches, without the annoying on screen keyboards.
We purchased this for our 3 year grandson for Christmas and he just fell in love with it. Great learning tool to start kids off with!
The size and how easy it is to navigate all the features is a super plus.
Very simple to set up and use, but positioning in your home is a matter of trial and error so that it can hear commands from all locations. Voice recognition is uncertain at first but the software algorithms learn quite quickly. Very good for streaming radio as the sound quality is quite good for such a small device. Highly recommended.
I bought this reader for a trip I was planning. I must say, it is awesome! The size is just perfect to throw in a backpack and the resolution is very good for this pricepoint. You can't go wrong purchasing this!
Love for my Hulu Netflix Amazon prime and more... Now starz and showtime
We have had so much fun! Everything that is advertised she does is correct.
Easy to program and works perfect. I loved it so much, I bought one for my daughter.
Good and performance is also good worth the money spent
My 3 year old has one and my 10 year old wanted one so now they BOTH have one. The parental controls are easy to use and work great. I would highly recommend to anyone!
I love my Kindle. Wish it had more memory but overall it's the best electronic thing I have purchased for myself.
Amazon Fire Tablets are great for the price . My kids ages 10 and 12 love the tablets. The tablets are fast and clear.
The best e-reader that I have ever used. I would recommend it!
This tablet is simply the best tablet you can buy in this price range. Easy to use, decent battery yield, good for occasional use. I use it mainly to read news, read emails, browse internet, see movies on the go, etc. Overall, its a wonderful / good quality product at an unbeatable price, you can't go wrong buying it.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas, and she has used it for countless hours. She has a small crack on the screen, so I'd definitely get a case for it.
The Echo is great, I use it every day! Great for music while doing the dishes, all I have to do is give a voice command and don't even have to dry off my hands. Every morning I wake up and can't open my eyes because I'm so tired, so instead of looking for the weather I just ask Alexa and plan my day accordingly.
Alexa works beautifully and has fine quality sound.
this is a great pad device, big and good display. just you have to familiar with the amazon OS and they build it for E-book, so it will a little bit slow for even web site surfing.more serious in game playing.
Pretty good at understanding what you say. Can't do everything You would think or hope but, for The most part, gets the job done.
This is my second tablet and it's a great starter tablet. If you have a prime account it's even better. The Prime video allows you to download videos for later viewing.
Works perfect and the price is right for my needs.
My daughter love her tablet. And is easy to use, and the battery last longer..
We had purchased this for our daughter. The parental control/profile features are great for her. Totally recommend!
If you know what you like you can easily use this instead of cable and save yourself a whole bunch of money. Has lots of great features, like Netflix and Hulu, and its very easy to use. The direct connect to your router makes for a flawless connection! We also have the firestick but this is better for a busy room like the living room. Definitely a great investment!
Bought it specifically for Sling TV and it streams Extremely well on all apps including Hulu and Netflix. It took the place of my PlayStation 3 for video streaming and has been a pleasant improvement with much less buffering and almost no load times .
Good product bought it as a Christmas gift. I will be purchasing another one soon.
For 50 dollars you cant REALLY complain, it actually will take a drop pretty well too.
I went to Best Buy to purchase a fire stick, but they were out of stock in the area. When I asked about the fire stick, the sales person mentioned how the fire tv might be a better option due to faster streaming and video quality. I am a fan of apple products and have the new apple tv, this system is much faster than apple tv with very little buffering while streaming. I have basic cable and my son can play video games and we can also stream to the fire tv. This is an amazing product.
So read reviews on a few tablets but honeatly felt this was the one for my kids bought it and sure enough it was it best apps for kids especially reading for kids amazon did a good deal on this and if you have prime it links up with your account for videos too
Bery good product for the price. Can't beat it. Id recommend buying this for a first time tablet.
Really enjoying my new tablet. I like to travel and me and my family use it to play game and watch movies. Just the right size to.
We bought this for our 3 year old because she enjoys playing games on my IPad. This is a much cheaper alternative should she drop it. Android apps so she can get most of the same games and apps. Timer apps available so I haven't checked to see if you can limit time on the device itself. Bonus is the size, it is perfect for her.
Got two for my kids for Christmas they have been great so far they hold a charge and there not slow. I bought two off brand tablets last year of lesser quality and they didn't last very long, These have been worth every penny. The only negative is that you will have to eventually expand the memory
I purchased this because have become a cord cutter and this was highly recommended by a good friend as a worthy streaming box. I was pleasantly how fast and responsive it is and future proof with the added 4K functionality. Only downside is that it has a tremendous amount of amazon bloatware which I understand but it is constantly present.
Needed a new one.. the dog ate my old one
I loved my book covers and the feeling of a book in my hands. But after reading countless reviews I gave in and bought a kindle. Now I can't imagine reading without it. After tons of booklights that died on me and heavy books that never fit in my bag. I can read anywhere, anytime, and in any lighting. I only wish the Kindle store was not so biased to kindle unlimited. It doesn't list the top books it lists people who pay the be on there. So you don't get genuine recommendations. Still, I will never read the same again. If you want to look up the mean of the word merely click it, if you want to make the font bigger you can do so, and if you want to see better raise the brightness. It's so much easier on the eyes than reading on my IPad.
Love it. Was debating on getting it first, but have no regrets after using it.
Bought for my office and I'm very well pleased! Very simple setup. Easily connects with my cell phone. Voice commands have worked wonderfully!
Small and easy to use for children when traveling.
Love this product! I use it everyday to listen to my music, ask Alexa what time it is, and how is the weather. Some of the things it does not pick up such as some of the restaurants or places that I'm looking. I wasnt really happy about that but I'm hoping there's a software upgrade or something that will fix it. Thats the only reason i'm giving four stars rating.
This was a great Christmas gift for my kid. This allows them to store their favorite books and play some educational games. Its nice to also have an optional MicroSD card for extra storage.
I love this little tablet, it fits right in my pocketbook without adding a lot of weight. It's easy to use and I can do almost anything on it. I highly recommend it.
I was excited to get this because of the price. After taking it home I started noticing things that bothered me. I use samsung devices and the amazon app store does not have a lot of the same apps. Even chrome would not work on this device. I did return this because I was looking for more than a bare stock tablet. But if that's what your looking for its great!
Easy to use, purchased it for a child! Great tablet for kids!
My family told me about me about this Amazon product as they cut the cable cord. Excellent and highly recommended.
It's everything I needed in a reader. The light is perfectly balanced and the text is so easy on the eyes and brain to read. Couldn't be happier.
Bought this for my aunt for Christmas. She had wanted a book reader. But then she decided she wanted something she could "play games on." She's very happy with it!
Yes i recommend this item. It's also a good price.
I really love the back light on the paperwhite. I upgraded from an old kindle keyboard with a lighted case - and I love having the backlight built in. I considered the Voyage, to get the page press feature, but am very happy with the touch screen.
I just love being able to read at night and not worrying I've lost my place if I fall asleep
Great tablet for the money Would buy another Easy to use
This is the THIRD power charger that I have HAD to buy at cost of over 30 each since my Kindle Fire purchase. Why can't the chargers last a REASONABLE amount of time When I connected this charger, I received a message saying that it was a LOW level charger it probably would not charge while the Kindle was in use. NOT ACCEPTABLE for this cost!!!
Nice being able to get news updates while making meals/doing other things. Kids find it very entertaining as well.
My order came on time and great price. This item is a gift for a family member.
All the grandchildren I have purchased these for get alot of use from them and love the games.
I had a very early generation Kindle that I loved. I was unwilling to update my Kindle because it was so great. The new one I got from my wife made it look like the old one was standing still. It's much faster and I love it.
Priced for the modest budget, but is totally capable of performance to satisfy the basic needs of entry level tablet users.
Love the Amazon Fire TV line. I have fire sticks and the Fire TV for my parents. Both are great and easy to use. Nice set up and the ability to add memory is a great feature for gaming or for heave app users. Very convenient to have.
I would not purchase this item again as there is no 4K content.
Bought this for a relative at christmas...I was hooked...plays any song I can think of..does math..reads Bible...orders pizza..and turns on lights..I have it connected to my nest thermostat..great gadget that works for you
I can use for so many different functions. It's easy to function
Excellent in all light conditions. Easy to use. Just what was required.
I bought the Kindle Fire mostly for use as an MP3. As a Black Friday deal of only $24.99, couldn't beat it. So far, it is working great as an MP3. I was able to download songs and playlists from my computer. Purchasing games and books have also been easy.
extremely inexpensive! Was shocked at the price. I thought there must be a catch like I have to buy a membership for it to work. I was wrong. Downloaded 40 apps the 1st day and started using it right away. Its perfect for my 5 year old son to play with. Durable and won't scratch.
I needed to replace my much older Kindle paperwhite. I love the new one, I use it regularly at the beach.
Excellent value for small laptops. Lenovo 11.2" screens with flash memory & Microsoft Word for 1 year.
Bought as a gift to my dad and he likes it so far. It's fast enough for apps and great for reading
Works well.
I bought this tablet for my son to watch movies and play games on and it has proven to be a great tablet so far. Would definitely recommend this tablet to any other buyer. It is tough and sturdy.
Set up was easy, content is plenty. My only issue so far is that I use the Amazon fire tv for Playstation Vue, and the guide functionality is horrible. I'm not sure whether to blame it on the amazon fire tv or the playstation vue, but considering the guide is different between the amazon fire tv and the fire stick, I'm going to assume that amazon has some control over the guide for it's products. With that being said I'm definitely disappointed. Hopefully over the next couple months the guide functionality improves. Other than that it has been fantastic!
I have both the fire stick and the fire tv, the fire tv is much faster considering the processing power.
This device is quite delightful.The interractions can be fun.
This little tablet is awsome for the price. Great for the kids too! Perfect for reading books, playing games, surfing the web. I am very pleased with my tablet! Will be buying more for gifts this holiday season!
I haven't used this yet but I knew I wanted one so I don't have to use my computer every time I want to charge my e-reader.
I really love the tablets I brought it for my younger kids
Bought this for my daughter (7 yrs), and ended up getting a second one for my son. I do wish Best Buy sold the kid-proof cases, but meh.The tablet is quick, the memory is expandable as well, which is what keeps me from anything iWhatever. Throw a 64GB card in this and your kid can make videos on Musical.ly all dang day and become a YouTube sensation (still waiting on that check).PARENTAL NOTE: If you go this route, take advantage of Amazon's FreeTime. It's fantastic, customizable, safe and easy to stay hands-off. I use it with both tablets with both kids. Time limits, no questionable content (depending on what you call questionable; i hate KidzBop) and excellent apps, etc included.Tablet is more than powerful enough for adulting, too, so if you despise kids, you can still enjoy your lonely, hollow, selfish existence with this outstanding tablet.
My son has enjoyed using this to read books and stream the internet. The price was great too!
She's always there to answer a question, and the integration with other home automation systems is great. We just tell the house what to do and she does it :)
This product is a great addition to our house and for the entire family. Placing us further in the technology driven world
Enjoy being able to use this box to stream 4K content even.
Convenient reliable product. If you need a product that can give you immediate response to your daily needs this is it!
This is not our first Amazon Fire---we have them on every TV in the house (cord cutting) and over the years Amazon products have proven reliable. Best Buy was a great option for purchasing--they met the online price (their everyday price was exact with the online prices I saw) and I didn't have to wait for delivery.
Battery life is good, surprisingly awesome product with low memory. Lots to do with it/on it... very satisfied purchase
Have to learn to talk to it properly, it can do things with WeMo better than reviewed.
This a very good little tablet for my young boys to use
Its perfect to see my tv series when i don't have my tv around. It has a very good resolution quality.
I like it kids like it definitely needs a case so 4 stars 5 if it had case
I enjoy reading my Kindle and also wanted the benefits of a tablet. Kindle Fire offers both options for me. It's not much heavier than my Kindle reader and the size is only slightly larger.
I have owned many tablets in the $250 and below range. This is great for the $. A bargain with lots of utility at only $50!
So I think I would have rated 5 stars however when I got my tablet home my 8 year old used it for a total of 2hrs...the next day it had a reboot screen similar to Dos windows. Excellent customer service at store allowed me to exchange next day. No problems with the second one. Great tablet for the price.
I purchased two of these tablets for my children (6,3). The ease of use is fantastic and the parental controls are exactly what I was looking for. Great product.
I'm an Apple fan boy. Between my wife, daughter and me, we Have two minis, 2 mackbook airs, a pro, 3 iPads, and two iPhones, and an Apple Watch. We also have 3 apple TVsI retired my living room Apple TV after finding out all the cool stuff you can do with the fire stick. This is a must for anyone with a prime account since Apple TV doesn't allow amazon yet (heard the app will be there soon). The best part is modding it with fire tv guru.
I have tried Roku and Chromecast and was not happy with either. Now have the Fire TV and I'm so pleased with how intuitive and clever it is. Plus, the darn little thing is rock solid... I've not had any glitches with it since the purchase and it is on all the time.
I had no problems with this tablet. Originally had a cheaper one that would crash every time I went to use it.
I have bought this item because I was previously using the firestick and I was happy with those but the streaming would buffer a bit more than I'd like. So a friend of mine recommend it to me sand said little to almost no buffering. And it's exactly that little to no buffering. Even when streaming from my iPhone it's an amazing device. I really like it
We bought this tablet for my 75 year old father who wanted something handheld to play games and read his email. It is good for that. Screen is too small for elderly eyes but it made him feel like he was getting with today's technology . It was very cheap on Black Friday!
My 3 yr. old loves this and is the perfect size for our needs
I bought this for my daughter who wanted an iPad, but for about half the price she is completely happy with it - she even calls it her iPad. I think I may even buy one for myself to replace my aging iPad.
Love this Gadget it's pretty amazing for adults and children very useful
Bought a Vizio tv with the new google cast and cannot stand it. So I decided to go with the fire tv from Amazon and works great. The 4K streaming is amazing. Only problem is you have to subscribe to Netflix, Amazon prime etc but who doesn't have an account with them these days?
Very easy to use and with amazon have loads of books to access
Amazon echo dosent hear well when the music is on full blast, but when you do get thru she's very acurate .
Best bang for you buck tablet. Running Android, but without the Google services. If you have Amazon Prime then this will be great for your traveling needs. You can expand the memory with a memory card and the Amazon App store has plenty of apps.
Like responsive of the remote control. Great picture quality output (4K). Amazon prime has great video selection.
My son loves it! This is his 1st tablet. He uses this for his reading assignments and research too.
I preferred reading hard copy books but now am liking the Kindle better. It is easy to access books through my local library. Also, like the size which is easier to carry around than hard cover books.
Gets the job done. Lots of free apps available. I would buy a second one.
This is my second Kindle paperwhite! I had mine for more than a year and I love it. My daughter borrowed it and really like the weight and the easy to read screen - not too bright and not to dull.
It has so many uses it is scary. I, however just use it mostly to listen to music. I has a very good speaker for its size. I ( or should I say Amazon- Echo) can always find something to please the mood I am in.
Great for streaming movies to your television. ...
Really easy to set up. New skills offered regularly. Especially like the "Butler" app that can re mind me of where I left my keys!
Great for travel when you want to read in vacation.
This is a good product for video, surfing and reading. However this version has dropped all android support as far as I can tell. I have a couple of apps that run on my old Fire just fine but are extremely problematic on this one. There is one app I use everyday but it doesn't work on this new Fire, so I have to keep the old one around. Kind of inconvenient. I would recommend seeing if your app is supported on this Fire before dropping the money.
I travel a lot and stay at different hotels...it works perfect for this. It allows me to sign-in to the hotel Internet page for the verification, without having to get it added to the hotel via the Internet administrator. I get all the applications I need and even added those extra that make it more personalized. Great product and the price was just right.
4 year old grand daughter loves it. Good size for her and easy to operate.
My god sister has been using these for years.What to read more!
This is our second Echo, and a 4th Dot. Really love Echo and now have a Dot at the office. Easy to set up. I use it for news briefings, calendar, and music. Will be trying some new features...like messaging and Fitbit.
Great budget tablet at a great price. Long battery life and high quality display.
Works way better than the fire tv stick. And works well with 4k t.v..
Trying Apple TV for the first time. I love it! Can't wait to try out all the apps.
its a good product from best buy. I recommend this
I bought this Tablet for my Wife. She uses it every day. It is very usefulto her. She uses it in place of a computer. She watches movies on it.The Graphics are excellent.
Must have
i love the kindle fire 7 tablet. it is wonderful and awesome.
This is our family's 4th product of the same. All of us have one and they are lasting forever. Will never be without one.
This item was purchased for a gift I red feedbackThe person enjoyed the gift
Truly changed the way that we live in our home. Ease of turning off lights. Getting answers to questions when Mom is too busy and listening to our favorite tunes. Not to mention the calling feature where you can call to another alexa that is at a friends or family members home etc.
She's tall and smart! She's sensible. Soft spoken but firm. She can answer (most) questions without a hesitation! She's all fact! She hears well. She has a good "lung" when we want her to sing loud! She can tell jokes -- not "ha ha, too funny", but good enough! Amazon Prime/music plays a big part of her -- another word she'd mostly be muted if we don't play music from Alexa (she sings for the dog too when we leave home). Like it that can ask her to play songs of the year, i.e. 1969 vs. by category or musicians. Glad brought her home! Fun with her around! She was on a one-day sale at BBY when I paid for her, so it's all good! I don't believe in paying full price, even for something as smart as Alexa!
Bought these for my kids and wife. Kids love it and wife like sit as well. Wish it had Google play store though.
I purchased 3 of these as christmas gifts for nieces & nephew.
Great for kids and adults looking for a quick tablet. Was surprised at how fast it downloads games and etc.
Vivid color and picture quality. The quad processor seems faster than a quad. The Kindle is user friendly.
it is a wonderful little box ,watching movies and tv shows on it is great.l love it
It has what i wanted click to turn page and that is the only reason i paid that price for it. there is nothing special about it. i thhought that the battery would last longer and as an avid reader it doesn't last long enough.
bought it and loved it. Bought one for a friend. Ask Alexa anything.
Works for exactly what I bought it for Hubby to use for his worship music
Works very well. Easy to use and Straightforward.Would recommend it to anyone.
Amazon fire is a good size to carry about and easy to use.You can do so much with it just like a small computer as wellAs being an e-reader. Excellent buy
Love this tablet for my kids! Great price and fits my 6 year old twins needs.
Love the features and easy to set up and use.... would recommend !!!
Prior to using the device I decided to recharge it to 100% and was shocked to find out that it takes 6 hours. Unless you have a lot of time don't buy this device.
Purchased as a birthday gift for grandson and he LOVES it.
Much to learn about the capabilities but so far it performs as advertised
My son is constantly distracted and loves technology. Him being only two years old, this proved to be the perfect thing to keep him occupied and out of trouble.
Right after we bought it the charging port broke but it was very easy to get the tablet replaced and shipped to our house. It's not very operations friendly and comes with very little instruction.
This is a great product! It integrates great with my smart home devices and it's easy to use. I just wish it had more google-like search capabilities.
I love how this one lets you download apps. The picture quality is also a 4. I do find myself having to unplug it every 3 days to make it start over or it has trouble downloading. Especially with live tv apps. As for its competitors I'd say this is still the one to get. I find myself having a lot more options with this one. So my cons are minor. But still prevented me from a 5 star rating. I believe their next generation will be a 5 tho. Like I said. It's still the one with the most options available. Especially if you have prime. The best thing about Fire tv is it let's me download the direct tv app so I ditched my cable and just play live tv thru the app. It's the same tv and I pay over a $100 less a month now. It's worth it just for that.
we love it, still wanting to find new tools to use with alexa, without making monthly payments to do so, it doesnt advertise all apps cost $$ we got iheart radio, on a fixed budget, this was a gift. if you could tell us more we can do, i would love to know! not tech savy at all, i know because we are told we are!! ha!!!
I love this. It is great. One of the best things I ever bought. It can do so much.
Great addition to the home. You can switch off lights in other rooms, use it to create appoint lists and dance the morning into life using the amazon music feature.
Upgraded to voice controlled remot from the original fire tv. Love it. Don't think I even need to keep cable!!
What can you say for 30 bucks I got 2 great gifts love them
i'm an avid reader and love the Kindle Voyage. i love the adjustable fonts and that it automatically adjust to the light settings. The push sides to flip pages but not if you accidentally bump the wrong side which has happened a few times. Great battery life it's usually a couple of days before i have to recharge.
I bought this for my toddler to keep her busy on road trips or at appointments and she wasn't too fond of it. It's kinda slow and limited to what you can do. One feature I did like is that you can set a profile for kids and they'll only be able to use apps that you designate for them to use.
My son totally loves it! The size is just right, and it is pretty fast. I don't have any complaints about it.
Easy to set up. Fun to use, your own digital assistant.
I brought these as christmas presents for my kids and so far no complaints.
I love the Amazon fire. Easy to use, just plug and play!
Meets expectations consistent with the price. I don't really use it for anything. It simply can't replace my iPad. Both the screen quality and battery life are poor relative to my iPad 4 from a few years ago, so I haven't found a use for this Kindle Fire. Generally it just feels cheap and the user interface not as clean as the iPad. I think it's value is consistent with the low price point.
Love the echo hear music , ask for news updates. Get directions for anywhere I want to go .
No problems my daughter loves it we used rewards points and got the warranty
The biggest drawbacks to this product is the lack of any instructions/user manuals included with the package. You are forced to experiment with the controls to boot it up and start using it........if you are adventurous and PC oriented, it's no problem.........if you aren't.......good luck.
Great product It's like a verbal Google that finds and plays music too
I do find this better than the cheaper version I bought initially at Staples. It charges faster but not as fast as the Kindle charger that I had used for a couple years before it finally gave out. Also, it is not possible to charge and still use your Kindle, something I was able to do with the previous charger, a feature I really miss. Still, better than the alternative.
i love it i wanted one for so long but couldn't bring my self to but one then i broke and i love it
The echo is great for someone who doesn't have time to stop every time you need information. Are in the mood for a certain type of music, etc.
Works great for all of those little quick questions and even better if you are getting into Home Automation
Better capacity, faster processor overall worth the extra money.
My 86-year-old aunt has an Echo and she recommended that I get one. I enjoy the information, entertainment, and help it is able to provide.
So pleased to have invested in this 4th Kindle....
Have had this fine unit now for about six weeks having previously owned three other ereaders over the decade. So far it is exceptional from the others for the following reasons:1. battery life2. text clarity3. back lighting to read in limited light circumstances4. price - on sale for $1005. ease of highlighting and saving such highlights to a notes document6. light weightBelieve this reader is not able to withstand harsh handling and would recommend a sturdy cover ($8) and the care one might give something fragile as well as having importance to oneself.
Took it to the beach and read by the pool and was very easy to read
perfect size; good graphics; app store is extensive!my parents are not tech savvy and they love this!
Sounds amazing and very responsive to questions and orders
Totally satisfied. Also own Apple TV, which I ended up moving to bedroom and putting fire stick on main TV. Fire stick seems to be more "open" to multiple programmings compared to App Store only programs with Apple TV. But, In defense for Apple TV it's syncing abilities with my iPhone and MacBook are well received. Price wise Firestick has the advantage.
It was a gift for my grandson . It is a great gift idea at a good price
OK, I bought this with high expectations after watching the commercials. I thought it's going to be better than Siri, but no. It can react or answer some of your calls very well, but it's very limited. Now I use it to play prime musics only.
I needed a device to listen to books on a long drive. This paired easily in the car and downloading the audible books was a snap.
It's a great tablet for every day needs. Great for games, internet access and reading Kindle books.
Movies were great. Would recommend to all my friends and family!
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
We love our kindles. They are very sturdy compared to pricier tablets.
I have had an older version of this Kindle and I really like it! I decided to buy one for my sister, as we share a love of reading. She was very surprised and immensely pleased!
Excellent screen , fast response. Almost a steal for that price.
The amazon echo is a great product. We got it when it was on sale and liked how new features are constantly added. We use it often for weather, news, turning on our lights, setting multiple cooking timers and more. It quickly became something we use daily.
Bought this for my nephew for christmas who has been asking for a tablet. It was on sale for an outrageous deal and couldn't pass up. Works fine and he love it. would recomend
This is my first time using any Amazon products, so far so good no complaints.
Best buy had the best deal on this item. The echo is great and does that you can imagine.
Its a great device. Sound is amazing throughout the house .
Could not download my books at home. Three visits to Best Buy, returned it.
If you're looking for a tablet to read books & surf the Internet, this is perfect.
Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it
We really enjoy the Echo. I really would only recommend it to someone that has a prime membership.
Echo is fun to play with, but doesn't understand a lot of questions and the "skills" don't work if you don't use the correct wording. The app needs some work bc you have to look through all of the skills to find the right questions, you can't just search the skills that are enabled. I'm sure that it will get better with time, but for now, it's fun to have around.
Great product, and it moves faster than the firesticks.
I now have 3 Bedroom,kitchen and shower area and I will be getting one for the media room in the future. I think that says it all. The only down side is since it's operations is in the cloud, if Amazons servers go down then it's a brick but you can connect to Bluetooth on the phone and also use it as a Bluetooth speaker. There is one thing they could fix and that is when the volume is up high then if you try to talk to the Echo, it can't hear you and you'll have to manually turn it down.
Easy to setup, easy to use. I've had another tablet, but it wasn't as easy and comfortable to use. For what I bought it for, it's perfect for me. It weighs less than a pound (compared to my other tablet), and I can read what's on the screen easier. Without a manual, the best thing you can do is play with it. I'm still learning this and expect to get rolling on it very soon.
Great product and works as described - easy to learn
My daughter likes her new kindle. It's her second one! She was surprised we bought her another one. The first one lasted 4 years!
This is a great Tablet. Love the features and resolution
I got this tablet on Black Friday. It was a great price, and being a Prime member, it has become my favorite entertainment venue on the go. The screen's not as sharp as an iPad or Samsung tablet, but for the price I got it for and its entertainment value, it can't be beat.
This was a gift for my wife and she absolutely loves it
Long battery life, good screen, reasonably fast.gaming.
This item was purchased for my grandson and he Love's it
like the voice activation. only wish I could call Alexa Jarvis!!!
I didn't buy it for the tablet purpose I just bout for an eReader and it works fine
This tablet is fantastic for the price. It's as good or better than my first fire. The only differences are this one has only 8 gb's of storage but has front and rear cameras. It runs as fast as the other and the resolution is as good.
A really low price for an amazing little pad. Quad chip
The sound coming from the echo is amazing considering it's small size.
Got for my mom for Christmas and she loves it!!!!!!
Purchased as a gift for a family member who just wanted to be able to watch videos and play games while his wife shopped. Wonderful beginner tablet and no issues so far. Very user friendly.
I gave it as a gift to a friend who is a senior citizen who had an Amazon Paperwhite. I thought this would be a lovely upgrade for her and it has been. She loves it!!
Great product for my 8 year & affordable.. had 2 months & no problems
This was a gift for my 7 year old granddaughter, so I have no input for this product.She seems happy with it.
My son's love there tablet. Great but for the price
I ran multiple different type of games. Can't handle.
GREAT TABLET FOR THE PRICE. KIDS LOVE IT. CANT BEAT IT.
I just love this product. This is my 2nd and this is very flexible and open as against apple TV. I replaced my apple TV with fireTVs and I just love them.
I rate 10 of 10 for price paid vs product quality.
bought this one for my son in law. He was using his phone for internet. Now he is able to get on the internet a lot easier.
The alexa is handy to have. But you do have to load apps into your phone and send to her. Its always a work in progress.
We love the FreeTime settings for kids on the newer Kindle Fires. I was able to create a login for each of our kids as well as myself and set limits to the amount of device time they are allowed daily (can set to more for weekends if desired). You can set the age restrictions for content also, to avoid inappropriate ads, etc. Once you've downloaded apps, you can choose which ones you want each child to have access to in their profile settings, so if one child is older you can allow them access to something their younger siblings shouldn't have. Basically, I like that I can set their access rights and know they're safe so I don't have to continually monitor every moment. By the way, FreeTime kids settings are available without having to subscribe to their FreeTime app access plan. :)
Easy set up, basic tablet, outstanding price. Plus you get all the great features and access to Amazon content. Great selection of apps and several parental control options for children (If you're looking for those controls)
Bought this for my daughter to use in school, she loves it! Product works great! I also bought the older version for my mom and she lives it as well
After enabling things you can ask it to do something love playing music
Now I want one. My older son wants one to. Keep of the good work.
This is a great tablet for an affordable price. Has most of the functionality you would get with a high-end tablet with expandable memory. Access your books, browse web, email, etc. Nice screen resolution, no issues with it thus far
The tablet is great for reading and watching movies
Alexa is pretty good. Makes listening to music more fun. A lot of capabilities apart from just music.....news, games etc. We like it!
It is very easy to set up and get started. The graphics are very clear. It Has everything you need.
We had tried in the past to use Netflix an it just wouldn't work, so I tried again after we got the firestick and it works perfectly. Occasionly there are some times where it cannot find a server, but for the most part it works great.
I primarily use this as a media tablet and it does it pretty well. The expandable storage is nice and it has around 6-7 hours of continuous local video play. Downsides to this product are the bad external speaker and limited apps available, but hey it's $50.
We recently purchased this exact tablet for our daughter who is 2 years old and decided to purchase this tablet for a charitable gift at Christmas. I would recommend this rather than more expensive tablet options for a child. it is worth the money and very user friendly.
Good tablet but it does not include google play like i was told it does by an associate in your store
I love the paper white kindle. Its exactly what I expected, I love that it doesn't glare and I can read anywhere.
The Echo Black is worth the extra money to get the bette sound quality! No problem. Has performed superbly! Another great Amazon device!
Love this Kindle -It's a great size for travel as I can read it or check my emails or play games.
This device has a nice front & back camera, screen
Only a few quirks when it comes to this Kindle. Better quality sound and display.
For a cheaper price this does more than my kindle- love having this tablet
Easy to use. Many options and apps to download. Kodi compatible
Kindle allows me to bring all my favorite read with me on the road. Great backlight feature and anti-glare are both nice features.
I've had my Kindle Fire for a couple of weeks and am really enjoying it. I've been impressed with the processor speed and image quality. No problems playing videos or music. The E-reader app is great and has a lot of easy-to-use features. We paired this with Amazon Prime in order to utilize its functions more fully.
The main reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it's no iPad. It will be great for kids mostly. The screen quality is not the best.
Originally bought TV Stick and ran into a few issues. Returned for Fire TV and I am not disappointed at all.
I especially like the variable lighting which allows me to read at night without any external light or in the brightest outdoor light.
Purchased this as a gift for my father and he's loving it.
Got the tablet while it was on sale. Great choice.
I like the size of it and it's easy to operate. I didn't like that I had to keep trying to put the same information in more than once to more from one screen to another when putting in my card information. I need to have wifi to look at the stuff I downloaded and I don't like that. But for the cost it's ok.
This was an Xmas gift for my wife. She had wanted a pad of some sort but I just couldn't afford an Ipad so I looked at the Fire as an alternative. First the screen size was just what I wanted. Second the price was very reasonable. Third it had functions and capabilities that were suitable for my wife's skills and needs. She absolutely loves it and I actually got a compliment on my present giving. That don't happen very often let me tell you. I will recommend this she's pleased I'm pleased what else do you need? My son was able to piggyback off of this gift, and purchased her the cover to go with it. So it really worked for my family. And I made my wife happy .
I bought this for my parents and they use it for everything. Music, weather, scores of the games... they love it
Small and light weight, easy to read from in bright light conditions
Employees were very helpful. I always enjoy shopping at Best Buy.
Good but a few quirks or issues that could use improvement. Connecting the remote should not make the speaker function unavailable because one Bluetooth connection at a time
have 3 dots and one echo for my boys room...full home automation...
This was a Christmas gift for my son. He has been wanting one for a while and this was some of the best pricing I've seen
Chicago's Fabulous Fountains is a big disappointment. I read about it and expected beautiful pictures. Instead, there is a lot of print.Hamilton is the kind of book I like--history. Chernow always writes very interesting biographies--I've read several others.
I had been waffling recently on whether to upgrade my first gen paperwhite to the newer one. I'm glad I finally did. The resolution is much better than my old one.
It has been a great product for our son. Easy to use and excellent for learning and playing games. Video quality is very good as well.
Working as expected
Got the Echo home and immediately set it up and started to use it. Linked my smart devices and spent a few minutes testing the lights, thermostat, etc. All worked extremely smooth and the sensitivity of the microphone was great. My kids spent the afternoon taking turns asking Alexa to play "Who Let the Dogs Out." Fun times.
Left my first reader on the airplane. Rushed right down to replace it. Had a nook before and my wife had a kindle. I finally had to admit she made the better choice.
Best device ever, don't' use my Bose radio any more
I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!
I like it small lightweight easy to see wifi capabilities
Have this device set up in my kitchen area. I use it to control my back porch lights, play music through bluetooth, keep a timer when grilling, etc. Very versatile device that allows you to do something cool things when paired with wifi plugs and other things.
Bought this for my Granddaughter, she absolutely loves it!
Love the kindlefire...but don't like the operating system....needs to be more like Android
I got this for my daughter's for Christmas this is a great gift it helps them learn and keep them out of trouble thanks again Best Buy.
The fire tv has every app that is needed. And it is very easy to install and setup. Probably going to pick up one more!
This is my 2nd tablet. Kindle Fire hd 8 reviewed throughly elsewhere many times for its solid performance for money. I mainly wanna talk about excellent buying experience at local best buy. It was not in Stock but employee we extra miles to locate the stock somewhe re but I like my local store much so ended up ordering there. Keep up the good work !. Very pleasant buying experience.
Bought 7" Kindle fire for my daughter to surf the web and watch videos. Bought 32GB microSD card, loaded videos and install apps there as the device only has 8GB RAM internal. This kindle has a known issue with not recognizing the microSD card sometimes, which requires pulling the tablet out of the drop-proof case (a pain), removing and reinserting the SD card until the tablet recognizes it. Time consuming and frustrating. Amazon doesn't seem too concerned with fixing this issue. It's minor really. Video playback is fine, but web surfing on the child's profile for educational sites is slow/sluggish. Not a fan of Amazon's ads all over the place and their app store is limited. For the price, hard to ask a lot. It'll serve it's purpose.
I bought this same tablet for my children two years ago who were eleven and eight years of age. They enjoyed it so much that I bought one for my eight year old Godson.
Need to explore what to ask to get the most out of it.
Works very well. Much better operating system than other cheap tablets. It has a quality feel as well.
The grandkids saw this at their uncle's house and thought it was the coolest cause you could ask Alexa all kinds of questions. i usually buy them a family game at Christmas and decided to buy this as their family gift.
I take it to travel. I don't have to worry about something big and bulky to carry on the plane, it's so simple it just slides right into my purse. It's easy to handle and easy to operate.
I absolutely love my kindle! The battery lasts a really long time, which is great because I read a lot! Easy to work, and I am loving the adjustable back light.
I wanted something for games and reading so I thought this was a great deal. I have enjoyed it so much. Passes a lot of time for me. Easy to download on too.
best christmas gift ever for myself. My kids loves it also
Works well, some issues with installing Google Play apps. Great battery life
My wife loves the fact that it feels like a book to her. From the weight of the reader to the brightness of the screen, it reminds her of reading a paper book. My wife is happy with the product so I gave it a 5.
I had a fire stick an moved up to the fire tv like it every thing loads faster then fire stick an it small an low profile design makes it nice to hide
I love this tablet,great for reading and keeping up with my emails.
Depending on what your using it for this is the best bang for your buck for online TV!
I have two smart TV's. I use Fire TV more because it streams better and more reliably than the TV's.
I bought this when it was on sale, and my rewards coupon was expiring so I felt I didn't have much to lose. Overall, this tablet is a good value, but you have to be careful about certain aspects.The tablet is really fast for something in this price range. The screen has pretty good resolution as well. There is no Bluetooth connectivity so keyboards and wireless headphones won't work with it.The app store is the Amazon app store. I side loaded Google Play and am getting my apps from there (YouTube helpful for instructions). The lock screen is an Amazon billboard. The default search is Bing instead of Google. I haven't figured out how to fix that yet. I just use the Google app to search Google. You can load the Chromecast app from Play, but it is hit or miss as to whether it works. It works for YouTube and Flixter, but it doesn't work for any Disney Apps (Watch ESPN, Watch ABC, etc.). You can cast the screen and view things that way, but the resolution is limited to the resolution of the tablet's screen.I think it was a good deal since it was cheap, and I can now watch my Prime Movies on it. Still, it's not the tablet you would expect from an Android device. My satisfaction would improve greatly if Chromecast worked better.
Alexa was so easy to set up and it has so many features that you can use. I like to do trial and error using Alexa, it is so much fun. I ask her to wake me up in the morning and it really worked. I have been having so much fun, since I bought it.
Echo is lots of fun and our friends will ask if Alexa can come out. Hours and hours of entertainment.
Helpful and entertaining. The more I use, the more it adapts to my needs
This is a fully functional tablet for under $1000. Yes it is slow, yes it works. For my child it is fine. If you are looking for something to be fast, slick, improve your productivity - you will need to spend more money.
Easy to read books. Great for night reading. Easy to download books
I love it , I use it everyday with my grandkids for homework
My daughter loves this. There are so many settings and you don't have to buy every app individual. So many books and educational apps :)
It is very simple to set up on your tv we were going to run a cable to the other tv in the bedroom but it was less money to purchase the fire stick
So far so good. I have not ordered a book yet. I am reading a free one to get the hang of it.
Great item for Great price. Functions as expected.
Bought for mother in law to play games on. Pretty simple to set up. Looked at other off brand tablets but the price on this was good so we went with it. Seems to enjoy it. Only got a call from her for how to connect to the Internet so I take that as a good sign since she's not tech savvy.
For the price and size, ease of use you cannot go wrong, and if you dont try to use it for more than it is meant to be-reader,surfing ,watching content and shopping- great low cost choice
The FireTV is definitely faster than the Firestick and the performance is most noticeable when navigating across both native and third party menus. Relative to the Roku, the amazon user interface is lacking and a bit cumbersome to navigate. But all that doesn't really matter if you're getting it for the same reason I did--Kodi.
Out the box this devise works good and plays well with others.
It was a great purchase and I love the way it works
very nice tablet. very fast for the price. camera takes good quality pictures.
For the cost of the tablet, I am very pleased. It is much easier to use this for Kindle vs. reading off of my phone!
We bought this for my Mother in law who isn't very tech savvy. She has no problems using
Nice for kids. Like the free apps built in the device. Can control what and how long they get to use screen time
Excellent product,my children love this item. Thanks
Easy to use and love the voice feature. Had roku's before and liked them. Think I like this even better.
Owned roku for years. Bought fire tv to root to watch free tv and movies. Only a few apps vs roku. Roku-user friendly more apps.Fire tv- free movies, free recorded tv
This item works great!Great speaker sound & works great with voice commands .
Good. Everything went well. Every thing was good!!!
Works well for what it is intended for.
Love the case, table works very well, easy to download game and apps, but the life of the battery is not great. The battery fully charged only last about 3-4 hours
This was my first kindle. I did do some research and read many reviews on this one. I have been very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend the paperwhite to anyone looking for a reader.
Got this for my grand daughter to watch cartoons and play games. Once you get it into kids mode and locked down it works great. Very sturdy and stands up to kid abuse. Got it on sale so that helps.
This product is very easy to set up and use. Has lots of great features that make it fun and easy for kids to play games and read books.
I purchased one for myself a few months ago & now this one is for my husband. No glare inside or outside. It adjusts itself once I have my brightness preference set. Light weight & battery life is amazing!
Very good item for the money was happy with my purchase.
This tablet is perfect for my needs which are mostly online books.
Not an iPad, but that's not what I wanted. High quality, does everything I need it to do.
This was a great price for a great tablet on Black Friday
While it doesn't understand everything we say it still is cool and plays most songs we think of.
Got this for my Neice she loves it. I had previously purchased one for my Mother.
Its a great tablet for a low price. There are thousands of apps and electronic books to read.
I got this for my three year old for Christmas and she loves it!
This replaced my old Kindle Fire. I have not yet explored all of the features but, so far, it is performing very well. Tablet is a good size and weight, and easy to use.
My granddaughter was thankful for this. Pinks her favorite color and she's amazed with everything she can do on it
Purchased this for my grandson. It works great. However, if I were to do it over again I would spend the extra $$$ to get the one without the ads. They drive you crazy. The ads make the cheaper unit really frustrating.
The Amazon Fire TV Fred me from high monthly bills and provide a huge variety of older programming.
works great for my 2 year old. I don't like that it requires a pin to use it but goodidn't and strong tablet
Good tablet for a travel companion. Good for playing games, streaming movies and as a reading tablet. Can add other apps as well. .
Bought this tablet for a seven year old to use for YouTube videos and Netflix. It has been a good buy for this beginning tablet user.
Works very well. Video quality is very good. It is easy to navigate.
This is the third Kindle I have purchased ( two as gifts) and am very pleased with the purchase!
Great customer service at Best Buy I was able to navigate through the product before actually purchasing it I will def be back and highly recommend it
I love, love, love my Echo; so much so, that we purchased a second one for the basement the next day. Alexa is awesome! She is intelligent, smart and actually has a sense of humour. She converts Fahrenheit to Celsius, and can perforrm simple Mathematical calculations. She saves me time by not having to look it up on my smartphone. And of course, once you set up Pandora, you can ask her to play songs by your favourite artist. Go Alexa!
Google Alexa questions for a good time. Very good speaker quality and decent volume.
Excellent product. I Upgraded to the Fire HD 10 10.1
They had the tablet in stock and it is nice that it has the child settings
I had my doubts about the utility of the echo but with amazons continuous updating of its skills, I've come to rely on it for a lot of things, even mundane tasks like my morning alarm clock. I just tell Alexa when to wake me up. Can't wait to purchase some more smart home appliances to integrate other stuff around the house.
Awesome little tablet. It isn't the fastest, but it gets the job done. Bought one for my father and one for myself. He uses it to watch DIY videos on YouTube and online browsing. I do the same and also listen to my Spotify playlists. It's pretty cheap too!
Have not had time to REALLY use it, but hope to download books and games.
I love this tablet! It's the perfect size. I can do everything on it and it was affordable!
Easy connection and very good playing different apps.
This product is great! It is great for those that enjoy using it for reading but also for entertainment. It is the perfect size for sitting in a coffee shop or on your couch to read a book or watch your favorite tv show.
fire tv offers so many more channels to watch. Give you more than you ever had
Has great features and is a very reliabe product by Amazon.
Fun to play With. Smart and innovative, great deal after thanksgiving.
I can't believe I didn't purchase this earlier. Fantastic
Ticks all the boxes I was looking for at a price I was happy to pay. One caveat that I (or the Best Buy and Geek Squad crews) was unaware of: there is a glitch in the keyboard that prevents it from working properly. Kindle/Amazon are aware of the glitch and will download a third-party keyboard fix to replace the keyboard that's built in to the unit until they are able to fix the problem. I made Geek Squad aware of it and they should know about it now.
We! love this product. It helps with everything....really
Spend the extra money and get this instead of the firestick. Way more responsive. The time saved scrolling the guide on PS VUE alon is worth it.
This Kindle Voyage is replacing an older Kindle from 4-5 years ago and what an awesome upgrade it is. Faster, has a very useful backlight, still very easy to use, and so light!!
I have the happiest grandson ever. Which makes me the best grandma ever!!
I was looking for a basic tablet for normal use - games and music - and this tablet answered my need and to top it up fit my budget as well. I bought this during the thanks-giving season this year and is worth the price I shelled out. Bestbuy as usual shipped it in time and free shipping was just an icing on the cake :-). Would recommend this to anyone.
Bought this to view movies and shows online - worked out pretty good so far!
We did a lot of research when looking for a streaming device to use on an outside television as we didn't want to add another cable box. Amazon Fire TV was the best option. It is so convenient and easy to use. The voice commands are excellent. It also has several apps that are unavailable on Apple TV that we truly enjoy, such as TCM. It also has USB port available. We highly recommend Amazon Fire TV for anyone searching for a streaming device!
I absolutely love my new Fire TV!! I am an Amazon Prime member and having the capability to whats all of my Amazon products and having the capability of using Netflix and other streaming apps at my fingertips is amazing!! Highly recommend this!!!
It amazes me that this tablet is less than fifty dollars. Is it going to replace an ipad? No but it's not meant to. It is great for watching hulu and net flix. Amazon underground is pretty amazing also. Well worth $50. If you are on the fence about it just buy it. You won't regret it at all.
One of the best invention ever! I love mine and giving as presents for Xmas!
I bought my sister the original Kindle years ago. She kept it for so long that it had a spot in the middle of the screen that was like a bright light. For her birthday I got her this one & she can't leave it alone! She loves it!
They were really excited about this Christmas gift!!!
i bought this for my niece and she seems to love. It was easy to set up, but a little different to navigate from other android devices. she mainly uses it for netflix, but sometimes i catch my sister player finding nemo on it.
My kids use the tablet and it works very well. They love it. They take it with them during travel too.
easy to use. looks good. The prize winner was very pleased.
This space is getting more crowded all the time, but Amazon was first out of the gate and also gives it the most attention. Echo has gotten smarter and better almost every week and I'm excited to see what comes next. Sound quality out of this unit is also amazing. No need for extra speakers like with the dot. This is an all-in-one unit. Add spotify or a free iheartradio account, and if you have Amazon Prime you'll be amazed at how many songs this little device can play. I use it every day to control lights, set timers, alarms, and more. Echo has become a device that I now can't live without, which I initially thought was just a toy. It's now my favorite kitchen appliance!
Works well also great for reading recommend 4 star
A must have for music lovers. Alexa has enabled me to play Amazon prime music as well as Pandora, etc. I love the hands free operation. I am learning how to use Alexa to find out information and other new things. LOVE it.......
Very light weight and easy to read in different lighting conditions. Does not strain my eyes like the kindle fire if reading at night. I do wish Bestbuy carried more options for cases to fit the Voyage. They have none in the store at all.
New Kindle replaced my old Kindle that had a lot of books. To my surprise the book transfer worked well. Seems to work surfing the net. Music sound is only okay.
Had an Apple TV, but as an Amazon Premiere member was missing out on a lot of free stuff. This is easy to navigate and filled in the gap.
There is also a way to add the play store ..... so I have heard :)
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
I like my Echo. It is great to connect to music and ask about the weather and a whole lot of other things. Alexa is fun to have around.
İt is cheap tablet option coming from amazon. Latest model will satisfy your needs
the back light nad easier to read in all lightings
I gave this as a Christmas gift to my inlaws, husband and uncle. They loved it and how easy they are to use with fantastic features!
I refuse to buy cable, and I was using my computer to stream shows. This was interfering with my homework. I decided to try the stick out, but due to the upgrades they were out. I bought the box instead. I am so happy with my purchase. It doesn't overheat or get slow or have any of the problems the stock has.
I got very good customer service explaining the difference in tablets and Kindle Fire is what was suggested to me as all I want to do is use it as a ereader.
This Amazon Kindle is awesome! Has all it's features including a built-in camera!! Purchase this for my son for his 16th birthday! He absolutely loves it!
Bought this on a flash sale 64.99!! This is great especially when running the playstation vue app streaming!
Love my Amazon echo. Works with my Wemo lights and nest thermostat. She also plays prime music.
I really like it work great i recommended to my friends
This is a very compact Kindle; great for reading your favorite novels on the go!
This tablet has a lot of features, it really makes it worth the money if you have an Amazon Prime account.
Great product for the price. Makes it easier to read with the contrast in text and background.
Picks up voice commands quickly. Music quality is good for the size of the device. Very handy to ask Alexia to add items to shopping list and retrieve on your cell phone.
Love this thing, it's super fast and very little to no buffering when streaming my movies.
Grand child loves it, before she had to look at her favorite movies. On the computer monitor,Now she can look at her movies anywhere.
Love this. Hooked up all my lighting. Works like a charm
Very good for in bed watching of Amazon Prime shows. Not as fast as other options, but excellent for the price.
Love the Tablet. Wonderful battery life. Great for Movies.
I purchased this as a gift and the child loves it!
I like it better than Ruko. You can also install your own kodi apps
This Fire HD 8 is my first such device. I find it to be easy to operate and very responsive.The touch screen control takes getting used to as I often click on the wrong close part of the screen and have to go back. The Alexa voice assistant surprised me when she announcedherself over the speaker. (I shut her off since I'm not a fan of conversing with computers).My main complaint is that comes with nothing but a charger and cable. The wordless, pictorialstart up instructions were primitive and vague. There are no instructions on how to use thisdevice; no sample book to test and get familiar with. There is a help function thatfills in some basics of functionality but not thorough enough. The WiFi connectivity is great, using the latest protocol and encryption. It has a simple web browser but web time also seems to be the greatest drain on the battery. The cable can be used toattach to a Windows PC and transfer files (books, music, pictures etc). I would also recommend buying a protective case for if its ever accidently dropped.
I purchased this tablet because it was extremely cheap. I'm not impressed with anything about it. It is slow, not at all user friendly, and the advertising is so very annoying. It is also almost totally useless as it does not support the few apps I use on a regular basis. I will keep it only to access my amazon accounts.
Bought the tablet for my son and he loves it. very affordable and worth the money.
Does every thing I would need it to. Nice inexpensive tablet.
Really nice product surprise about how great and fast it works
Cool
Love how easy it is for my 9 year old sone to navigate around. The unlimited kindle free time is great too we like that we are able to set time limits as well as only allow age appropriate games and content. Our son Not only loves playing Minecraft and watching netflix on it but enjoys the reading the books as well.
Great tablet for the grandkids, they love it great item
I really love my Fire Stick, it has been a great entertainment device
Worked good for a month, the kids loved it but then just went black and wouldn't come back on. Sending it back to get a new one with the warranty.
It's very easy to connect devices, and it produces a good sound. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
This is a good basic tablet. It does every thing it is advertised well. Great if your a real amazon fan.
Worth the money when on sale-slow connection compared to a laptop
The reader was easy to setup for a novice reader and email user.
I wouldn't buy again, had trouble w/shutting off all the time, we would have it reset back to the factory reset status and it would lock up and freeze, actually replaced with second thinking that was just a bad one however sad to report same problems. Not a favorite purchase.
Best new product to own for anyone, even children.people scoff when they see some kid with a device, but I think they are a great teaching tool.Thanks
The perfect reader you need if you choose to read everywhere
The more you use Alexa the more she get to know you and the more she can find more about what you like
Pretty easy to use...small enough for little hands...nice as card slot toExpand memory
Great tablet Santa brought this for my son and it has zero problems unlike the Samsung Santa brought last year which was nothing but trouble and then the mother board took a s**t! You could buy about six of the fires for how much the samsung tab was!
Great every one should have one or two or three will buy another one if was now shopping very easy to use and set up with Alexa helping you thru voice called customer service 10
The Kindle Paperwhite has almost made my tablet obsolete. I read a lot and I was reading most of the books on a tablet. It was difficult to read outdoors even with a very good tablet. The Paperwhite is so easy to read anywhere in the the brightest of sunlight. I could not possibly put a higher recommendation on this product.
At the price of $39 you can't go wrong. Great mobile device that is bigger than trying to use phone.
I gave this Amazon fire stick as a Father's Day present. So i am not a personal user of the product but have heard it was nice.
Bought for my daughter instead of an I-pad. Works well, love the Amazon Underground App Store, but battery life doesn't seem to last as long as older I-pads. Easy enough though for a child to use.
Easy to set up and lots of great functions. Can play music, summary of the news, link in for the smart home
For the money the Kindle Fire is the best tablet on the market. I wish I didn't buy my I pad already I would have got one of these for myself.
Awesome product and it controls my new Sony LED Television. I only wish I had waited to purchase my first one because of the amazing sale price on this one.
The Kindle Paperwhite does the job it is supposed to do, but noticeably slower than the methods I have used previously (iPad, computer, phone). I think Amazon needs to bump up the processing power of this device to compete with other tablets and devices. I would recommend this to a friend, but with some reservation.
Love this device and went on to buy 2 as gifts! Hope they love it as much as I do!
I was hesitant to buy, thinking the tablet would not be very good, but for the price of $49.99, it's been great for my teenage niece. She uses it to watch movies, FB, You Tube, and web.
It is limited to what smarthome items you program it for. I have been able to turn lights, TV and thermostat up, on or off using my voice only. I'm still working on items with IFTTT for other equipment to do things when I get home or wake up. I found that I have to slow down when giving alexa commands as she doesn't always understand what I'm trying to tell her what to do. I had to purchase other equipment just for it to do what I wanted to do. I would recommend that you do your homework and make sure you either have everything or ready to buy the other equipment when you purchase alexa.
I enjoyed reading on my old Kindle for many years, however I cracked the screen. I didn't want a tablet because I like how the readers are lighter and easier to read. I read all the reviews for the Paper white. It meets all my needs and is even better than the first edition Kindle. I love the higher resolution. It's easy on my eyes so I can read for hours. Great storage also.
Great product and superior technology. We use it every day.
For being such a small, affordable tablet, it has all the features and apps you need plus perfect size for reading books. And the best part part is it fits in almost any purse!
Fun to play with, a great source to gather information from without cracking a book.
works great for us for video calling, for kids watching videos
This was a gift for my wife, and she loves it! The battery life is excellent, the resolution is great and it is light weight in her bag for the daily commute. Only knock is that it does not include a wall charger connection, just the USB cord, but that is very minor.
My niece is 2 years old and she absolutely loves this tablet. It's easy for her to use and navigate through. Plus, it has parental controls which I love. Definitely recommend it.
This is so much faster than the fire stick...highly recommended.
I received my first echo as a gift and enjoy using it every day. From briefings on news, weather, commute traffic, and access to whatever music I want to hear, the echo has a vast skill library which allows owners to do things like play, learn, entertain, and control household devices like lights and appliances by voice. Abilities far beyond the scope of this review. New skills and products that can be controlled using the echo come along almost daily. I have given the echo to friends, and they have all loved it. It has a real "wow" factor.
Purchased for a 5 year old. Perfect for kids and as a first tablet.
Great product... very reliable under various conditions garage/shed etc.
The tablet is not bad at all for the price I paid during Black Friday. The only issue for me is the occasional pausing during streaming on netflix
did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
Alexa picks up my voice clearly. Great sound and very stylish for my living room.
Alexa is the best choice in using your voice to change channels or request shows. The Amazon Fire also works with Amazon Echo and Echo Dot
The only thing we don't like is that it had to stay plugged in to work.
Echo is the best thing you could ever buy love it.
Love this TV box does everything and even more. Everyone needs one.
Great price for a tablet I got two of them one for each if my children ranging from 7 and 8 years old only down part I can think of is the charging port going bad, It's super ooose and hard to charge.
Works great, don't have any trouble with this charger.
It took me a while to break down and finally buy a digital book, I'm a big fan of paper books. I love the Kindle so far! I wanted an eReader that I could only read books on, no apps or games, that's what my phone is for, and so far I am very happy :)
Just love this streaming device. I have prime membership, tons of free stuff to watch. Very clear and sharp picture quality. Excellent for the price, lots of apps available. Get it, you'll love it.
Tablet is great for our 8 year old grandchildren to use.
Excellent performance, Alexa really performs, outperforms apple and roku.
Using the Kindle to read books and stream videos is very easy and enjoyable.
I bought this e-Reader because I wanted to use it at the river and by the pool and still be able to see the screen in the sunlight. The Kindle Paperwhite didn't disappoint. Compact and a step above the basic e-Reader.
This holds my grandson attention on a regular basis.
Compared to all other 7 inch Tablets, this Amazon Fire Tab just outperforms them by miles. And yes you can add the Google Play Store without rooting the device.
Enough memory not any lag on loading programs.......
Really easy to use. Convient to have around for everyday things
Great for online content such as movies, TV shows, Music and games from the Amazon online store as well as streaming stored content from networked pcs or NAS boxes. You can also side load applications such as KODI for online content if you consider getting rid of cable television.I gave it 3 stars because even though it will allow for high definition video and theater surround sound, competing products can do those better.
Great device. Travels well. Easy to navigate. Would recommend.
Echo sounds better for music, but Tap gives me portability. Good to have both. Now Tap is voice activated, so it's all good.
I really like this tablet because of the awesome resolution.
It works great for all my needs to check my emails
If you use 'okay google' on your phone as much as I do, you'll love Alexa. No more having to pull your phone out, just ask alexa! She is a great house assistant!
She says this was the best gift she ever received.
I bought this to listen to music. I do not use the Alexa feature all that much. The feature does work great, but it gets annoying having to press the button vs how on the echo you just speak. The speakers work great. I can hear the music crystal clear throughout the majority of my house while playing it. Bass is decent. I would recommend to someone.
Bought Amazon Fire TV 2/16/15, this is NOT the replacement cord for my model.Be aware of what you are purchasing --- this is NOT a fit for the older Fire models.Alternate, non Amazon, power cords are available for the older version of Fire TV on Amazon.
We love this tablet for our 2 year old. She can operate it on her own and it has a great variety of educational and learning games for her. We love that it has skype capabilities but the volume for skype is very quiet. Overall great tablet for a first tablet for kids!!
The price of this tablet is excellent and the specifications ar very well
When i first got the tablet the screen was damaged, overall it's a decent tablet. Its sorta slow, at the end of the day all i gotta say is only bruisers remain.
I mainly purchased this tablet for my toddler. I didn't want to spend too much on a tablet since she only likes her one baby app. It works well, good image and sound. Can't beat the price!
works great, good for the price. I canceled my cable subscription completely
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece. Very good price.
The screen is easy on the eyes. The light is always just right. Small enough to carry in a pocket or purse. Never run out of something to read.
I work at home and I enjoy being able to relax and just say what I want to hear and hear it. Very easy to set up too! Less than 5 minutes!
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
So Good had to buy another one. This is the second echo I have idecided to put one in the master bedroom as well as the main house great decision
I got these during the holidays at an amazing deal. They turned out out to be a very good tablet for an unbelievably low price. It really saved me a lot of time and money. Best of all the product was solid.
My little girl loves it and she can do so many things with it and the sound was a little to good because now I have to buy her some bluetooth headphones
I am very happy with the paperwhite. All I wanted to do was load books and magazines on this. Lighting is great, readability is great. Features are mostly easy to use. I'm very happy with it.
My wife and I have enjoyed using "Alexa" and look forward to it getting more apps to use.
Great product. You can see any type progrant. I will reconment.
Don't know what took me so long to try this out. Easy set up, many skills to choose from and has not failed me. I just set the calendar up and loving that along with how well Alexa integrated with my two WEMO mini plugs. I purchased a second one a week later. The sound is amazing.
I mostly utilize this for music and light controls...who doesn't want to feel like their in Star Trek TNG?
My son is 3 and he loves it so easy to use. It's great.
Bought 2 for the kids and they seem happy with them.
I like the size and it's user friendly. I originally bought a tablet that was bigger but it stopped working less than a year and the size was too big and too heavy for my 7 year old. I would definitely recommend it to friends and family.
I was impressed with the sound of the original Echo, the price of the Dot. The Echo Tap is the best of both and Portable. I have echos in multiple rooms. I got this to bring music outside to the patio. The music has rich bass and clear sound perfect for tunes or talk. Now that SiriusXM is on Alexa too I have access to great music, Howard stern, NFL, MLB and all the rest of the satellite radio content. The great thing about the tap is unlike a normal Bluetooth speaker this one works solo with Alexa and wifi. Even my wife loves it I think she talks to Alexa now more than she talks to me.
Amazon FireTV is a great product. I buy a bunch of them for friends and family because they are the way of the future for streaming devices.
One of the best streaming devices I have used. A++
I received this as a gift after my original Kindle Fire started giving me trouble after 4 1/2 years and wouldn't hold a charge. This new Kindle Fire 8 is fantastic! The larger size makes it easier to read. The "buttons" are better than the old one. I like that is has more "perks", i.e. camera, that my old one didn't have. It's nice to be able to read, play games, browse the internet, or check email or take photos. The battery lasts for days! I definitely recommend this.
Don't like all the ads. Didn't know that they would be permanent because I bought it on sale. It's very slow and has trouble connecting to my wifi.
Great product, for a very good price! Loved this tablet
I recommend to all, great speakers and easy to move about anywhere around the house. It keeps getting better each month. I bought one for my parents and they to are loving it to, so simple anyone can use it.
Love this thing. I've had my 4K tv for a while now and now I feel it's complete with the Fire TV. Lots of ways to find and watch 4K content.
Information and music and all you have to do is ask! Alexa is amazing!
Like the fire but disappointed that they were selling a device that is a model that is two years old.
They're happy and it keeps them entertained for hours
My primary reason for purchasing this was to control my new smart home devices. In particular, our Phillips Hue lights. Works great for off/on and dimming at a percentage but can't get the colors and scenes to work. Has to be SO exact with the naming of the lights and wording when you speak to Alexa. Also, making lists is JUST a shopping list. It would be great if I could add to an Amazon wish list instead! Seems like a natural!? Great for checking weather, sports and such. Playing music is hit or miss with my Prime account... to REALLy get everything, you apparently have to have the monthly fee enabled "unlimited" feature. Example: I can listen to the Police or Foo Fighters, but no Led Zeppelin - really??? Then it just tries to "sell you" the upgrade when you ask it to play something it can't. That's pretty annoying. Looking forward to Apple's version of this. More expensive and still many months away, but since I have an Apple Music account and it will play MY playlists! The Alex Echo was a great price though and a good starting home hub speaker.
This is our fourth Amazon Fire TV. Integrates great with Alexa, and so easy to set up with your Amazon account.
Works great, but requires Amazon prime or Spotify premium accounts to work best.
I purchased this for my dad.He is 84 years and enjoys having her play music for him, tell him the weather and even helps control lighting. He loves her jokes and her witty come backs. She is his virtual pet.
Great product at great price!I love what I bought!
Best Buy has a good price structure for the Kindle Staff members were very helpful
We love it. it is not uncommon to start up and let it go for several hours. It can play a very wide genre of music. ( That is what we primarily bought it for>)
This kindle is awesome. I love the design of it. Nothing software wise that was different than my other kindle but the way it's designed makes it much more comfortable and easier to read. The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because of the price. If it were cheaper, this kindle would have been five stars no doubt.
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
I decided to cut cable and thought this Amazon TV would be a good alternative . It's a great product I really do like it ! It takes a little while to get used to using it ,there's a lot of clicking to get to a show ! However , I am not a prime member so there are a lot of shows that we can't watch !
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
Excellent product at the right price. For those with light sensitivity, this product is perfect.
I was looking for a tablet that I could download movies on for my toddler to watch on long car rides. This Kindle Fire has great parental settings so I don't have to worry about my child accidentally buying things or seeing inappropriate content. This runs much cleaner and faster than older generation Fires. I was a little taken back by the size since I have a much bigger one, but It'll work out great for what I wanted it for. I did notice I have 2 burnt out pixels, but they don't bother me enough to return or exchange.
good for android and very fast, good for gaming and streaming
Great functionality, user friendly and nice apps..
Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
I bought this for my brother as a gift for graduating from his masters program. He has been telling me non-stop how much he loves it! He said the battery lasts really long and he is having fun filling it up with books to read!
fast, easy to use, very sensitive, google play store captable, I will buy again
As above a high class e reader. Love it. Use it at least 2-3 hrs daily.
My friend tell me to buy this and I was a little curious and it's a great box for the TV
Makes for a great alarm and reminder device. I own 2 dots and the tap. Use them all.
I get amazing streaming quality and speed, love the voice activated controller
Best investment in a tablet ever. It takes good videos which I used a lot for my sisters competitions. Can type a paper. Light and easy to use. Purchased all my school text books on here instead of carrying 50 pounds. Battery lasts. And good to watch movies on. Absolutely love it add a memory card to it and you'll be able to use it for whatever and wherever.
One is adopting an animal to give it a good home - the other is buying an Alexa enable device like the ECHO. This marvel of tech is a must have that brings us one step closer to life on the USS Enterprise.
I loved my tablet, it fits in my needs. It's fast and works perfectly for me.
This is my second Kindle Fire tablet. My first works well. This was purchased for my teenaged son. He uses multiple apps; watches movies; surfs the web; does a bit of graphic design and occasionally reads a book. I use mine almost exclusively for reading and watching Netflix. I occasionally surf the web. Love that it has expandable storage, though I have not needed to use it yet. Would and will definately buy this product again.
Great product, good size for travel. We bought it for our girl, we use it when we travel, and put it on the back seat, so she can see videos or movies
I gave this as a Christmas present and they are using it every day!
nice to have to watch netflexs on in bed and relax.
Great sound quality, amazing microphone. Very cool experience to come home, tell "Alexa" to turn on the lights and play music from spotify. Well worth the price.
I have had several Kindles from the Kindle keyboard, the Fire HDX and a previous version of the Paperwhite. To me, it's the best way to read. You can have hundreds of books at your disposal. Having the 3G version enables me to download books anywhere without being connected to Wi-Fi. I love my Paperwhite!
Still learning all that the Amazon Echo can do. Keeps my calendar, my to do list, and entertains me. She helps with my budget with You Need a Budget and much more with all the available apps.Love the Amazon Echo. Can't wait to find out all she can do.
Great little device for traveling. Perfect for reading books & playing games on the go. Was priced great during the holidays
Love it I download all of my audiobooks on my tablet
Great gadget. Cancelled all my movie channels adfter buying it.
Wish it was louder, difficult to get the base in the music in a large living room.
I thought I was going to hate not reading a paper copy book. But to my surprise I do not mind it ar all. I do still like the hard copy book but it's nice to have the Kindle handy whenever!
After having this for a year, it got a bit wet and called Kindle and they said they would fix it or replace it cause it was within the one year warranty. They replaced it for free.
I went from the 7 inch Kindle to the 8 and it really made a difference. Easier to read and clearer than my old one.
This was a gift for my kids. They love them. Easy to use and lots of great apps!
This tablet is easy to use and great for a beginner. Plus you can find the Kindle on sale at an affordable price.
This is my 3rd kindle but only because I've lost the previous ones. Can't imagine reading any other way.
The only problem that I had is that it should have been included with the Kindle Paperwhite. There is no way to charge the Paperwhite unless you buy the charger. The charging port on the Paperwhite is so small that nothing that I already have will work. Kindle does not even provide a USB cable so that you can charge from your computer. The outlet plug is cheep plastic (hollow) and will probably break, no warranty.
An excellent tablet for such an affordable price!!!!
I bought 2 of these tablets as gifts for my nephews, ages 7 and 11. They absolutely love them!
Got my Kindle to play games. Has a lot more that you can do with it. Was easy to set up.
Just love the new kindle fire hd8 does all that I want and then some
This FireTV is amazing in the way it can turn any tv into a smart tv. It is quick and responsive. We only using it for its streaming capabilities but so much more can be done with it. We also own a Firestick and they both seem the same for performance. So if you only plan on using its streaming capabilities you might want to look into the cheaper firestick.
Starting with the issue. This is the cheaper version because it had ads. If you want to remove the ads it will cost you $15. This might be stayed in the fine print but this is not mentioned or brought up by the salesman.
The echo is so much fun to play with and works great with Amazon and hue products. It's very hard to get it to work with our iPhone and iTunes. I can't figure out how to get my iTunes playlist to work or sync it to my calander from phone. I'm sure it's possible because my tech skills are mediocre at best. Had I known what a pain this would be I would have looked into the google product more closely. The echo itself is a great product but I would not buy it again unless they open it up to other providers services.
Great for kids just learning to use a tablet for the first time.
The kids love it and easy to understand. Great parental controls as well.
It does what I need it to do, but a few to many apps that are not needed.
I bought the Tablet for my grandson for Christmas. It was the best investment that I have made in all time. He is learning so much that he can't put it down. As a matter of fact, he sleeps this it just about every night.
works great. just like the reviews said. thinking about another one
easy to buy on line and store, fast shipping and pack out good
Really enjoy talking to Alexa. It's great to not have to look up things on the computer and so easy to just ask questions or listen to music
It is a good entry level tablet, especially if you already has Amazon prime.A lot of power for the price. The only consideration is that is only has 8g of storage.
Not very fancy but works for what I need. I primarily got it for reading books. I like that you can switch to night light.
Works amazingly well. Allows me to stream so much more. Welcome to the next generation of movies.
I had the firestick first so I decided to upgrade my new TV with a fireTV and I haven't had any issues it's so easy to use runs way smoother than my firestick, and I love that I can upload storage with my micro SD card.
easy to read on the beach in bright sunlight. good battery life
Does everything my IPhone does (except make phone calls). with a wifi connection....no plans or extra fees....Facebook, Pandora, Gmail, Internet in addition to downloading books!
i really rely on this product . I watch movies and and lots of Tv Shows.i would really recommend this product to everyone.
Happy with the purchase, found it on sale could not pass it up!
Love it...plays the music I enjoy and gives me up to date reports
Plugged it directly into my router for a faster connection and it works great
Great for reading outdoors and in low light. Easy to use than my old one and lighter.
I like it for my kids and think it is a great tablet for adults too
It is so much fun. Even helps kids with their spelling homework.
I purchased this TAB as a gift for a family member. They are very happy with this product and it's features. The applications that come with this product are great. Happy to be a part of the amazon fire family.
I cringed at laying down paper to pick-up technology. However, it was the best thing I ever did. I have been very pleased with this reader.
Echo is a great companion. Without fail brings a smile to our face when we say "Good night, Good morning, Tell me a joke, or How did the Lakers do last night?"
Perfect if you're looking for the basic necessities of a laptop. Only negatives no yahoo apps, no google apps, no apple app, but it's still awesome.
Perfect for Home Automation and Wireless Entertainment.
It is affordable and a great product. Its a great ereader as well as a great tablet. Just the right size to play games and watch movies on.
I like this!! Its pretty cool it has a huge music library
User friendly, affordable, nice features, good battery life
I bought this for my teenage son. He uses it occasionally...when he's not playing on his PS4. It's a handy internet accessible device, not as quick or easy as an iPad or mini iPad...but definitely a lot cheaper too! I bought my husband one a few years ago and he absolutely loves his (did have to buy a replacement once.)
The Amazon Fire Stick is compatible with a Samsung television
This product is very handy on the go. I can check emails and find work for my truck.
Bought this for a family member and he loves it. Great value for the price!
I recently cut the cable and is using the Amazon TV to stream NetFlix, Pluto.tv and Plex. Works great. Response time is much better then the Amazon Stick. I have it hard wired to a gigabit port and Plex streaming works well.
Good item for children and is very inexpensive. Easy to hold and has a cover designed for it.
I bought 2 of these because they were on sale for $33.33. I really like them, but the Kaspersky internet security that I received free for 6 months will not download onto the tablets. I am going to have to call the Geek Squad to fix this problem.
The paperwhite kindle is the best option for someone who is just looking for a kindle to read on and download books. Would not have chosen a different one at all.
get more movies,shows channels great price easy to install and usenet more for your money
This unit is AWESOME! I totally did not expect it to be as good as most of the reviews but they were correct. What surprised me the most is the music sounded MUCH better than I would ever have expected. Even a technically challenged 59 year old grandma (me) was able to set it up with no help from sons, lol. SCORE! :)
This tablet is very good especially considering the price. also has memory slot to increase storage.
I cant think of enough things to ask Alexa to do for me.We are constantly listening to music from my youth (1960's).She (it) actually tells me jokes, it is like having another person in the house with you.She (it) also provides me with the current and future weather both in my area or anywhere else I might be interested in.
It seems that the majority of questions I have, Alexa does not have a clue.
Love the streaming capabilities on this item. Really saves a lot with the increasing cost of cable.
Easy to use tablet. Price is pretty good. My mom loves it.
I bought this for our foster child as a Christmas present
Great price for the fire, my other fire stopped working after 4 years, I logged into amazon, and it updated the new one with all my apps
Always wanted something transportable bedsides my phone. This fits in my purse and is readily accessible for travel. Great product for internet accessibility.
I am amazed with this item, all the tasks it's capable of doing. What I especially like is that I can name it (4) different ways. I'm still recovering from cancer of the tongue and have a hard time pronouncing certain words. I have a hard time with Alexa, Echo and Amazon. With the addition of COMPUTER, it works perfectly. Very happy with this purchase!!!
I love my Amazon Echo with Alexa. Very cool item. This one is going to be a house warming gift for a friend from college. I own two, and gave several of the Echo Dot's as Christmas gifts last year. The more you use it, the smarter it becomes. The price right now is EXCELLENT !!!
This watch is not only very useful, it's very cute and comfortable. I love the fitness aspects-it motivates me to be more active. I also enjoy the "smartwatch" abilities. I can read my text messages without anyone knowing it! Also, the battery last a few days at the very least.
Was nothing like i originally thought when in ought this . You have to put some work into it to get tor to work and does an ok job not perfect
This is a great little tablet and I love the fact you can add more storage to it. So awesome and the battery life is fantastic. I recommend this to anyone. More affordable than an iPad and sturdier too.
Great price, great item and high quality, simple to buy on line and pick up
Enjoy reading books on it as well as viewing videos.
Good products
Just what my 10 year old needed to take her tech to the next level. Love the parental controls to keep her safe online
Purchased Blue unit - parenthesis below is error correction for that review since BB does not allow edit. Good bare bones tablet for anyone if that is all you seek. Do not expect the performance of a $400 tablet for $50. I have wifi & bluetooth going while streaming netflix and it performs fine, no lag on a reliable network. This is an amazon based OS, not a traditional android system.... so it is all geared toward amazon advertising/purchasing and will not let you do much unless you register your device with an amazon account, (*which is linked to and displays any saved credit card/payment data associated with your account. Not very private or secure in my opinion.*) All apps must be obtained from their amazon app store, no google play store which is considerably simpler. There are ways around this of course if you know how. One more thing that is important and it is this... After more than a week, I finally noticed with more use that my screen has 2 spots with dead pixels which show up as solid white dots and cannot be seen unless on a very dark or black screen. After searching & reading online, it seems there are very many reports of these tablets purchased from any source having this issue. Even read someone who purchased a 5 pack and had several units with dead pixels. Test your new tablet right away after buying on a dark screen. You may be fine but it pays to look. I did not overly use my tablet at first and did not notice right away and though I still have the receipt, I already discarded the packaging. I am at the 14 day point today and could have still returned it otherwise, but honestly for all I use it for I am not overly concerned. Still whether 50 or 400 dollars, a brand new item should be free of defects. Again, so far I find it to be a reliable device if a simple bare bones tablet is all you need.
My daughter loves her tablet. I had to make sure I brought a case because it is very thin. No problems and I can see everything she downloads
It's a great device to have. It does so many things. Very practical.
This does everything. So worth it. For the price and compared to more expensive, it holds it's own. Compact, fast, amazing....and check the price!
Just thought we were purchasing a capability to download and read books, magazines, etc. But, for such a low price was surprised at the total capabilities available.
Expandable memory option was a big plus, 4k video output when streaming video is great and I was able to load programs to watch free movies and ppv.
Works great. Was easy to set up and has great quality output and plenty of apps that can run on it Only complaint is too much focus on Amazon content.
Such a great deal for a great product!!!! My 69 year old mother loves this!!!
New to Kindle. Always read a book in paperback or hardcover.User friendly. Will never go back to reading books on hardcover orpaperback... Extremely happy with the purchase.
I bought the fire tv for using my Sling TV subscription. It works great but the only thing I don't like about this product is we cannot install apps from external sources, I tried to install an external app which worked fine for 2 days and stopped working later giving me message that the app was not installed from Amazon app store.
Well worth the money if you have an Amazon Prime account. Easy set up....excellent streaming quality. My only complaint is that I wish the speech search feature (there is a speech recognition search feature) worked with other apps.
Compared to products of the same, my Amazon Echo is the very best!! Ordering through Best Buy was effortless & efficient.
VERY parent friendly! Extremely thorough parental controls. We were told at the store there was no way to block internet or control other content on a tablet, so we decided not to get one. Then, we read about the integrated parental controls with the Fire and gave it a try. It allowed us to do everything we wanted and more. Also, very easy set up and use!
I'm still adjusting to all its benefits. easy setup.
Very good tablet, the price is worth, you have and the price and quality in the same product.
This was on my wife's Christmas list. She loves it. Easy to use.
This tablet is a good beginner model. If you are new to the world of tablets, you may want something faster.
I'm enjoying Alexa. She plays music, tells jokes, recites facts, and probably a million other things I haven't thought of yet. I'm glad she's at my house.
maybe i got a dud, but from every forum i read it seemed the fire tv box was 10x better then the stick. although it is faster, i still have a lagging experience with this streaming device
This was a great tablet, but I downgraded to the 8gb because it was cheaper and I could expand the memory at any time.
So much difference on viewing all the apps on 4k up scaling was excellent. Unbelievible.
This product keeps you updated on the latest stuff just with the voice command
We have 3 of these and we love them. They are easy to use and you can do lots of different things on them.
Had an earlier version of the kindle but found the paperwhite was much better - the ability to adjust the brightness of screen is a great feature - would recommend this to all - Even if you have a kindle
The up grades where a very nice choice and better.
This item is a great product. Let's me use it for different things.
This is an excellent tablet to have if you aren't looking to spend too much. Doesn't have tons of features, however, it has the main basics: music, web browsing, email, video/movies, gaming, and reading. Plus, if your an Amazon Prime member, you can get great games for free like Real Racing 3, and DuckTales. Also, great as a young child's tablet.
Very pleased with the performance. Thought i would miss turning pages, but I don't. Some may prefer a larger screen. I would buy again.
My last kindle died right before Christmas. I was lost with no way to read my books. Went to Best Buy to look at all the different ones available. Found that the Voyage was the best for my situation. Being backlit was perfect for the many different places I read, car, work, restaurants, and planes.
It is very easy to set up and I like the fact that the answers are given in real time.
This is a much better option than the Amazon Fire Stick. The picture quality is much better.
This is so much better than the Amazon fire stick for what I use it for.
Love the ease to use,the back light, and the size. Previous kindle died after 10 years was worried I would not like the changes but now I read even more because of the ease of using and light.
This is a must buy , it really is awesome !!! Really like its versatility in Mobile ness I wouldn't recommend this to anybody that was interested in a portable speaker and I love talking to it Alexa!!!
I purchased this tablet because it was so cheap! My husband loves it. It comes with many free games (games that you'd have to pay for if you had an iPad).
Excellent Product!
I have this cover in black and my cover does indeed fold back on itself. Not sure why the other review stated that the cover does not... I wrapped the elastic band around the back part of the cover and this works great to keep it secure and out of the way. The magnets on the back help to stop from opening the cover the wrong way, but I used a small piece of two faced tape on the back of the Kindle and no more trouble opening it the wrong way now, works great! I am very happy with this cover.
Excellent tablet!!! works very fast and esay to get apps
This gives me so many app and avenues to watch and stream directly.
I bought the Fire TV strictly for Playstation Vue and Netflix...worth every penny.
I found the product could be of great value for the price. Black Friday deals rock
From my Philips Hue Lights to my keys, the list goes on. I was skeptical as my house is primarily a Apple Hub. Alexa plays well VERY WELL with others, and is extremely responsive. Don't base your opinions on voice recognition on Siri. Give Alexa a go.
I have all tipe of tablets. My favorite is the apple but I prefer fire tablets better than Samsung any time.
My Aunt is 86 and has never used a computer. She does not have internet at her house. But she loves to read and loves to learn and now will be challenged while learning to use her new Kindle.
This is a great travel companion. Long battery life and easy to use.
Budget tablet, nice and crisp picture. HD quality product.
Does the job perfectly.Thanks.
It's small, light and easily portable. Powerful enough for all your basic tablet needs like streaming, reading, light gaming and Internet browsing. Perfect for a child's first tablet or on-the-go use.
Definitely Worth the $50 would recommend to friends
Although the price is high, it is worth and useful.
It's good, but even if you have prime you have to pay an additional monthly for music.. just another way to make money
My kids had neither one had a reader or a tablet before. This has been a good choice for them.
Kindle Fire meets the needs of kids and/or adults-
Easy to use and set up. Been having a lot of fun with it.
This was a Christmas present for my 3 year old son. He loves having his own 'pad pad'. He sees everyone else with a tablet and can now play age appropriate games and watch his shows without me having to worry.
This is a very nice product for the money. It works great and is so easy to use.
You won't find a better tablet for the price. Tried multiple different tablets in the same price range and the amazon fire outperformes them all in every category. If you want a good tablet and on a budget, this is your tablet!
The sound quality is amazing. Echo is now part of the family. It's an alarm clock, cooking timer, music player etc.
So happy with my purchase easy to setup and request information, music and anything
This product is great and would buy for all my rooms in my home.
Love my tablet for the price I paidWill buy again .
Very convenient, no glare, you can view pdfs, and it does not weigh to much.
Bought to keep the kiddo entertained. Works perfect. Tons of free games.
This was a gift for my wife who loves to read. She has the Kindle Fire and enjoys it. Her wishes were to have a smaller lighter reader that is also good to ready outside. She found it with the Voyage.
I got this Kindle as a Christmas gift for a friend. Couldn't pass up the Black Friday price on this thing! Works great. She loves it. Success!
I used the Echo for on demand music, news, weather, and general information. This is a simply one of the most piece of electronics I have ever bought..
Works great once you get the hang of it. Overall happy with it
Alexa is now part of the family. We have integrated her with our smart things hub and along with apps like ifttt she works great.
Good tablet althought the availability of apps thru their appstore is limited.
I love the Voyage. The display is clean and crisp and I have found the auto adjusting lighting to work perfectly for me. I love the side page turning buttons. I no longer have to use two hands to read a book anymore.
I bought one for myself and it is my first kindle. Just love it and got a second as a birthday gift to one of my friends.
The best product for the money. East to use, great color, great features. easy to set up and battery life is great.
Is good for the kids The only thing is I have to get a SD Card for more memory
I love the Amazon Echo! I am using it everyday from turning on/off the lights, to listening to music, to sending me reminders. It is a must have!
I enjoy the ease i using the item and the case is perfect
Im still learning what the echo can do, but I'm pretty satisfied with my purchase. I like interacting with the devise and letting me know what the temperature is outside.
This tablet was bought for my 3 year old. He loves it and it's great. There is one caveat though. It is loaded with ads. Everytime the tablet is turned on or screen locked there are amazon ads. Because of this I now have a new 250.00 vacuum that was accidentally ordered. So make sure 1 click buying is disab k ed
Do not turn cable off. Using with cable service...
Doesn't have the all the features of a tablet but if you want to read in the sun, the paper white is the best option.
I only bought this because I wanted to give my friend one and she wasn't getting the new one, lol! I had heard there wasn't much difference between them so didn't plan to buy one before. They were wrong. It is SO much faster. Going into the store, browsing, turning pages and opening books. I used to get aggravated at the lag time and rarely bought books on it, used my phone to buy, because it was so annoyingly slow to respond. Speed was the first thing I noticed, the screen looks a bit clearer though I was happy with the old one's screen too. It's worth the upgrade.
This ia a great product and I would recommend it to anyone looking for entertainment.
I purchased this, so I could reduce my cable bill and I have to say, that I'm completely satisfied with Fire TV and the service I received from Best Buy, thank you!
My grandchildren love their tablets.they are easy to use.
Ok for basics a little slow...great for price a good idea for kids and browsing
I got this fire for my friend who wants to buy kindle..this serves both Kindle and Tab... very nice and very cheap..worth for what i paid.. I highly recommend this for beginners
I got the Echo for Christmas and hooked it up at my house. Hooked up all the automated/wi-fi devices I had, bought more just because they're fun and loved it. Then I decided I wanted a nice, compact music player for my office and started to evaluate options. After reviewing and valuing based on my needs, my office, and ease I decided to get another Echo for the office. The Dot was an option, but the sound quality isn't good enough for me while the Echo is (I'm not a huge music aficionado, just like clear music) and it doesn't require me to keep an extra set of speaker or use up computer resources to stream. I got it, hooked it up to the office wi-fi and use it every day. It gives me the weather forecast, traffic status, miscellaneous information, but most of all, streaming music.And when the phone rings I can pause it quickly using the voice control and then resume when I'm done. That's what turned me away from the Tap.
This device works as well as all the reviews have claimed. It was so simple to set up and works very well.
this is a great item!!! is not just smart is so easy to work and do small thing for you!!!!
this is the fastest streaming device amazon offers you will not be diapointed
It's a great gadget for children when going on trips, also traveling
In an effort to simply and cut down on the number of books I shelve and store I bought the paper white Kindle by Amazon. I had previously owned a Fire and it fatigued my eyes after reading and like my books ended up on a shelf. My parents swear by their Kindle Paper White's and so I decided to give it a try!I Love IT! Easy to read, easy on the eyes, I can read it in bed without keeping my wife awake, super lite and the battery lasts forever!
I bought this for my niece. She uses this for E-books. Better than having to store tons of books in her case.
I bought this to be an assistant for my husband who is in the earlier stages of Alzheimers Dementia. He is able to ask about his schedule, get reminders to take his medicine, and get basic information like time and date. He also requests weather forecasts. Alexa always answers with a pleasant voice no matter how many times the question is asked.
My daughter like the tablet and she use the tabet everday
I love this. This is the best e-reader I have owned. Even thought it has ads it is not a big deal because that can easily be fixed to get rid of the ads on it.
The product it amazing love that it turns in lights on and plays my favorite music.
The Kindle and cover were a gift for my wife. Her previous one went to the big tech heaven in the sky. She loves both products and couldn't be happier with the products.
Wife loves it so makes my life better what else do you need to know past that.
I got it to gift my niece , they should be very happy to get it. Product looks good , All the features like screen , camera , processing speed is good for the money you get it.
This is an amazing product. Enjoying it very much.
This is a small and compact device that is easy to use
UNBELIEVABLE, CAN'T BELIEVE WHAT IT CAN DO, EVEN MY 5 YEAR OLD GRANDSON LOVES IT.
Really like it but Alexa Search uses Bing which is very limited compared to Bing on line. Wish you could choose different search engine - I like Google over Bing. Thinking of getting Tap as well.
I bought one for my Dad, liked it so much I bought one for myself. Even better than the paperwhite.
Very light very well made feels durable Easy to use everything Amazon
I have several covers, from simple rubber covers to the more expanded package of hard cased plastic rubber Otterbox.I will keep it simple by summing up pro's and con's:PRO's1 Reading comfortThis one is my favorite for when it comes to reading comfort. You can fold the leather cover back to have the 'one page' feel of just the Kindle in your hand, or you can leave it open and then the Kindle reads more like an unfolded book.2 protection on the inside and good to hold for longer periods of timeThe inside is soft to protect the screen, and the outside is real leather - which is a plus to rubber which tends to make the hands more sticky after a while.3 The weight is neglegible the item is very light.4 The hinge system prevents the Kindle to slip out, which no other cover that I know of has5 Elastic band keeps the cover together and indicates 'front' of the device. Many people have complained before that when one opens the Kindle on the back unintentionally, the Kindle could crack at the hinges. By closing it up with the elastic band, you always know where the front is so you never have this problemCON's1 Expensive. That is why I bought it from overstock.com from the marketplace amazon, rather than new from amazon itself2 No total protection. Only an Otterbox case will make sure the Kindle survives a fall on the ground. But for both cases you still need a plastic screen cover to keep the Kindle clean and untouched.Overall If reading comfort is firt priority, and you are careful enough not to damage the Kindle, this is the product for you. If you rather want more safety from damage or scratches, go for the Otterbox, but then the comfortable feel will be compromised for a more heave, rubber 'touch'.
In my opinion this the absolute best value on a tablet out there. No way to go wrong at this price
love alexa it is so unique I am enjoying it tremendous
I am studying for my MA and the amount of books that this decree is going to require will be increditable. This alleviates me from having to buy more book cases.
It was good. It was good.It was good.It was good.It was good.It was good.It was good.It was good.
Better than the Nook. I switched fro Glowlight Nook due the lack of previous features. The Nook did not improve, so I was forced to switch. I found in the kindle all I need plus more books from Amazon.
i bought for my niece and really amazing and working very good.
Fire tv is awesome!! Go get it now!! Way better then the fire stick! Also get the game remote...lots of free downloads!
Got it on sale for $40 for techo-illiterate dad and he likes it so far. Better screen quality than I expected.
Works flawlessly. Interface is much faster than the stick.
I bought this for my niece for Christmas. She is 8 she loved it.
It is amazing that you can get this much tech for such a low price. This thing does everything I need, and it's so much faster than my old Kindle.
We love these entry level tablets. We have bought at least ten of them for various family and friends.
This device completely meets my needs for reading and accessibility.
Bought this for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas! She LOVES it!!! A great alternative to a pricey iPad Mini!!! She uses it for watching Netflix, YouTube and we use it for homeschool. We are very happy with our purchase!!!
Never thought I would like this, but my wife gave me one for Christmas, and I love it. It is very easy to use and fun.
This tablet is very good specially for children they can download all the games they want to download on it...
Got this for my 6 year old. She really enjoys it for playing games. Pretty good built-in security features
I didn't know how much I would love this ...but I use it everyday.
Yhis tablet is great for the price. You could do almost anything another table can do for that's 5x the price.
We canceled cable TV 3 years ago because of the rising cost. With Amazon TV we can subscribe to Sling and get our favorite cable shows for 15% of the cost.
My son loves his kindle. Loves the layout of software. Easy to download apps. User friendly interface. Bought the 8GB storage but bought expandable external storage to make it more robust. Very durable. Love the child settings to limit use when necessary.
The echo has provided idea many hours of great music ,laughter and info.
I got this mainly to watch tv/movies. Battery life is best of all devices I have used to date.
I have enjoyed my friend's Echo before and her kids love to talk with Alexa. Decided to purchase one for my own household and as an added perk, it was on sale for the holidays!
Every thing I've read about the fire stick is true
This is just what we needed for a you k8d ..the apps are great
It's an ok device. No more useful than a Bluetooth speaker connected to a smart phone.
Overall I am happy with my Amazon Fire 8 HD. It was easy to take and use on a recent trip, although the Delta app doesn't work with it so that was a little frustrating. Not crazy about seeing the ads that pop up, but for a purchase price of $65 (sale), it's hard to complain. This is my first tablet and I find it to be the perfect size and easy to use. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to buy a tablet and expects to use it for reading, surfing the web, playing games and as a lightweight device travel option. I am very happy with the look of the games and everything on the screen, I can see myself using it more at home now, although I will still use my laptop when I want a bigger screen. I bought it in the store & they were out of cases, so I recommend buying a case that also acts as a stand. I found one on Amazon that was inexpensive and came in an array of colors.
Great tablet but after about a year it starts acting up and you cannot get help from Amazon to fix it.
We love the Echo. Great sound for music, turning lights on and off and now have it connected to our Roomba. We also ordered the battery for it as to move it outside for the music.
Love this. Best purchase I have bought. Was very skeptical at first. But I use this for everything.
this Amazon fire tab works really well.the syncing aspect is very nice being able to pair it with all my devices.i wish it had Google play.
Wife enjoys using the Kindle reader so much that I may have to purchase a second one for me!
My mother, husband, and daughter all enjoy using Fire. It's a great way to stay preoccupied.
The Tablet is good for Kid's Basic use to watch Videos and play few games. Touch should be improved.
Purchased the Alexa to act as a vocal head to my smart home setup. It does this very well. She will tell you the weather on command and plays music too. Can also act as a bluetooth speaker.
Love Alexa! She is very helpful and was very easy to set up. She learns new skills everyday.
So simple to use! My only complaint is the inability to change the background without going through all kinds of steps and using a special app. :-( I bought it for my 9yr old son and he loves it!
Exactly what I expected. I own three of these already.
This small tablet packs a lot of power. I can use it for many tasks including checking email and paying bills.
Alexa could hear me from across the room and worked well for playing music but I think you need a lot of smart home devices to make the purchase worth it.
Very excited to try this and so far so good !!!!!!
Bought this for my daughter and it does everything it needs to and setting up parental controls is quite simple. Great value
This kindle is very convenient and has a great display that's easy on the eyes.
Solid device that delivers on all advertised specifications. Easy to use both with Amazon and calibre
Great gift for my dad who cant get out in the yard anymore like he used to. He's not tech savvy but he got used to the kindle pretty quickly.
Our 3 year old grandson loves asking Alexa to sing songs that he learns in pre-school.
As an Amazon prime member I figured this would be cool to play my Amazon Prime music, but it's also a Bluetooth speaker that I can play My XM radio or iTunes through. Alexa is getting smarter and know my voice better with every question. She has my appointments and traffic and weather covered every morning. Great item here and great sounding speaker.
The Amazon Fire Stick more than exceeded my expectations and the price is rediculously low for the quality and content....I went out and purchased more for family members and I know that I will buy more!!
Love it! It's great for what I wanted to do with it.
I got this on black Friday for my mother and so far she enjoys it. It was to replace her iPad mini 1 that they have basically designed to become in operable within 2 years. She can add storage to the Kindle, the picture is fire, and she can read a plethora of books that suit her fancy. It's nice size and responsive.
my granddaughter has learned a lot of educational things on hers
bought this as a christmas gift for our son, it holds a lot of games and is very easy to use
If you want an inexpensive device to read Kindle books or do email this is it.
Our kids use these and they are a great tablet for the price. Handy for reading ebooks. They don't have quite the wifi range as a laptop but otherwise work fine.
This is a great purchase. It is easy to use. I will definitely recommend it to other people.
I find this tablet very easy to use and easy to read at night
The Echo is an excellent product and gives out excellent clear loud sound. This was a great buy! You can ask Alexa to do anything from songs to buy on Amazon etc. thanks best buy for all your help!
We now own 4 Echos. We have them in our bedrooms and living area. It really is an amazing device. We use it to turn many of our lights on and off, control our outside sprinkler system, wakes us up with alarms, listen to all kinds of music and other information. I also use it to monitor my Amazon purchases and buy things on Amazon that we have purchased before. I understand there now are over 1000 functions it can perform depending on what you desire. Once you get one you will wonder how you lived without it.
After toying with purchasing an Echo for months, we finally pulled the trigger. It was well worth it. From recipes to simplifying a shopping list to music and news, it's a perfect supplement to our connected home. Alexa is much sharper than Siri. Highly recommended!
Amazon Echo is i great device to assist in home automation. I use it to turn on lights, arm my security camera and set thermostats. Also great with Amazon Prime for music.
My internet is so awful that streaming music is so choppy and sporadic it reminds me of vinyl records #likeabroken record
I have no idea why I insisted on paper books for so long. This is so easy and awesome!
This is the best thing I have ever bought, has amazing sound better than my Bose, she gives answers to your questions is fun to have takes very little space Love it ‼
Bought it for my wife, now she ignores me .. Now I can game more!! Thanks Kindle!!!
Good tablet fir children 3 and up , especially when you go on a vacation, long plane or train ride .
great for toddlers. I recommend anyone to purchase a protective case
The tablet is easy to use and has nice features. It is small enough to carry around.
This is the best!!! I'm in love with Alexa and everything she does!
So, I pretty much got this as a cheap tablet for my 2 year old. He's constantly snagging people's cell phones to play games. We figured this was inexpensive enough that if he breaks out in the next two years, it's still better than if he breaks one of our phones on contact. Overall, it's a great little tablet for the money, and we can set parental controls on it so it can grow with him over the next few years. Not bad.
It was really easy to set up and start using quickly. Screen quality is great and the official Amazon Paperwhite case is a great addition. You can buy books either through your PC or directly on the Paperwhite itself. The screen is as good as on the pricier Kindle Voyage. :)
I purchased this for my mom and she is totally in love with this reader. This has replaced her older Kindle from about 4-5 years ago and she appreciates the upgrade, especially the built-in backlight.Great product and a must-buy for avid book readers.
Purchased this as a christmas gift for nephew, he loves his tablet. His mom loves it even more now that he can play some games on it. Tablet is not too heavy, just put a protective case to protect your investment.
I like this speaker.great product from Amazon.all what I need
suggested by the sales associate I'm glad I took his suggestion
Perfect size and readability and function for pages turning is comfortable
I had a hard time finding a case for it at best buy
For what it does it's great for me a good alternative
This is a great tablet for the beginner. Very light weight and easy to use.
The screen resolution, ease of use, and access to apps, books, and movies makes the Kindle Fire hard to beat. This is the 5th Kindle we've purchased (big family) over the past several years - have been happy with each one.
Easy to use and teach my granddaughter not easily breakable
I have both the fire stick and box but, the box is my favorite by far!
I purchased this item for my children, 7 and 11 it has been a good durable easy to use set up and use item.
This is by far one of the best investments ever. I got rid of my TV service.
I think this is one of the coolest devices on the market. Things I like the most is that you can control all of your smart home devices with the echo.
I love this product. Streams almost everything with no problem at all.
I bought it as a gift for a business party. I did read the reviews before I bought it and figured I couldn't go wrong. I know it was fought over during the gift exchange!
I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she has loved every minute of it. It is intuitive, easy to use and she has it in her hands several times every day for everything from research for school to reading a book. Paw Paw hit a homer with this one!
I enjoy this kindle. I was disappointed that the iPad gloss made it difficult to read outdoors at the beach but this paper white makes that very possible.
The grandson loves this tablet to watch church....
The ability to expand the memory ease of use and 4K comparability make this a versital 1 package entertainment tool.
The echo is very easy to use and get used to. The speaker is great quality, also. I love how Alexa gives me ideas,explains how to use the echo, and the emails that I get along with it are extremely helpful.
The price is outstanding it works great for my use surfing the web. Little slow and the image is not super sharp but you can't beat the price. if you're looking for an inexpensive tablet this one is great!!
Works great as an ereader. Can hold so many books!
This tablet is great for anyone who uses this for the basics.Load times can be a bit slow for browsing the web or streaming videos, but once it's loaded, it plays without buffering as long as you got internet speeds that are good enough. This tablet is a good size and great for pictures, downloaded videos and music. For its price, it makes a pretty good gift for someone wanting their first tablet.
My son's love these things. Great price and works for me.
Perfect for a little book reader, movie viewer, or small game player. Can't beat it for the price.
I've been using this box as a replacement for cutting the cord w cable. I have no regrets. I stream everything from live tv to catching up w tv series and/or movies. Easy to use interface. I hated the remote though and got a remote w a keyboard on it. Works awesome!
This is perfect for him! Bought it as a reader for his books, which we either download from Amazon Prime or the local public library. Nice quality screen resolution, ease of use and durability are a plus.
Good for reading and apps. I use it as well as my teenage son. Easy to use but now wishing I purchased the next size up
Started with appleTV. Traded those in for Roku, wasn't happy and switched to Amazon Fire Tv. Couldn't be happier.
Better and cheaper than cable, the only thing I am missing is the closed caption
I purchased 3 of these and I loved them, until I tried a Samsung tablet. I rather have a Samsung vs the Amazon fire, but they are great for the price.
Love the Echo!! Love that it's all voice command even the vloume!
I've had this for about a month and so far, it's all good. The remote that I can speak into is cool and most of what I say is recognized correctly by Alexa. I like that I can place Amazon orders this way if I feel the need. The only con, as of now, is that the battery cover is hard as h&ll to get off.
It have lots of apps, you don't need cable tv if you own , only data svc
Great beginner tablet for my son! He plays his abc mouse app and watches the movies off of prime.
Alexa is a key component for easy smart home setup.
Given me many hours of pleasure. Really enjoy the jigsaw puzzles.
I have had a kindle for years. After my husbands was stolen we had to get another. The setup is easy, getting books couldn't be any easier, I even get free books through my library which download through Amazon. Would be lost without my Kindle.
Love all it offers. My Family and I enjoy watching movies .
Really enjoyed this like the hard wire instead of wi-fi great apps very easy to understand
Alexa has a great deal of knowledge. If you have music on your phone, she can play it or you need to purchase either amazon prime or music unlimited.
This was a gift for someone else, but I really enjoyed my own too.
Gave to my wife as a gift and she loves it. She hasn't had any problems at all with it.
The Amazon Echo is a fun item to have around the house. It is amazing what you can ask it. The possibilities are endless.
Love my tablet. I'm not used to using amazon but its good now
We love this for checking the weather, music and alarms. Kinda pricey but I used my reward points to purchase.
Bought it for my niece over the Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Was worried about the quality since it was so cheap but it turned out great. As a matter of fact the quality was fantastic and easy to use too. Money well spent.
I was a little skeptical at first about the Amazon tap but after discovering how easy it was to set up, I was able to connect to my music library with ease! Great sound and nice to have the portability to take with me!
I love the backllit design! I can now read ANYWHERE!
Don't know what I'd do without my Kindle. I sleep with it and when I wake up in the middle of the night I don't have to turn any lights on.
horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
The old one wouldn't hold a charge, but my new one goes days before running out of juice
I got the FireTV stick more than a year ago. It works fine although streaming video from my NAS sometimesnot very smooth. As I found the NBC Sports app allowed me to watch Olympics on the stick and this FireTV was on sale, I upgraded to this box. The result is a mix. It does stream video better than the stick but the same app did not work on the FireTV as with the stick It keeps giving the authorization error in playing some video clips. Withe same account, I can play the same video clips on FireTv stick or on Android boxes and tablets. I decided to keep it simply because of the great price I paid.
Needed something a bit larger than the 6+ to stream Netflix, this was perfect!
The fire tv does not display in 4k.. it processes in 4k but cant display 4k.. This is because of the dumb design.. It still has a 1.14 HDMI port.. you need at least a 2.0 dvd port to receive a 4k signal.. You wont be able to tell until you hit your tv display resolution.. there you will see it still displaying in 1080p.
This was a birthday gift to my husband. He really likes it and it does what he needs it to do
I mostly use my echo paired with my Phillips hue system to control the lights. I also use it for setting alarms and timers and occasionally a flash news briefing
I ordered a Roku Premiere+ and decided to go with this instead. Read that Roku owners were having fits with that and the Ultra. Returned the Roku w/o ever opening. it. Good call. This does what I needed.
Purchased the amazon fire to gain access to streaming such as amazon prime video. The device was simple to setup and is nice and sleek. I have had the device for about a month now and have had zero issues with it. Also, i purchased this at bestbuy and about a week later it went on sale at amazon. Bestbuy priced matched the sale price and credited my card. Good customer service.
We purchased and echo and a dot together and have had some minor bugs but use it to control 30 plus hue bulbs and nest thermostats. Pretty amazed. Ordered as gifts for family after my 2 month trial.
If all you want to do is read ebooks, then this is the device for you
For $33 during black Fri and even the regular $50 this is a steal. Performance, battery life and ease of use are great. Several profiles in same tablet an added bonus!
Great battery life and read. I especially like its weight and how easy it is on the eye.
I love this tablet. It is easy to use. With him is very easy to travel
I love this product for my 7 year old. Its fast and has parental controls. Great product for an amazing price.
Very easy set up. Sound is great, looking foward to use all.its features!
My husband loves how simple it is to use and he can take it anywhere
Completely satisfied. Works as it should.
When I first grabbed an echo I thought it would be kinda gimmicky, but I loved it so much I bought two more echos and several dots. I have Alexa all over the house. The smart home integration is so wonderful. I feel like I am living in Star Trek when Alexa turns my lights on and off and does other tasks.
I really enjoy my new kindle, still getting used to it.
It is very easy to operate and comes in handy for news weather and good way to keep up with your calendar.
Very Good. Second purchase. Purchased as a Christmas gift. I recommend Amazon as a good product and would purchase again especially at a discount
Easy to use. Easy download games. Kids love to do school work on tablets
I love it it was a good investment but hard to set up.
Like always a timely delivery. We have had these items before and we re purchased
I got it for my daughter to use for entertainment and she uses it everyday
The sound is amazing,will do many things like your shopping list,tell jokes and many other things...
We got this product for our 6 year old. I love the parental controls. Only downfalls I've noticed so far is it takes a long time to charge and there is a lot going on app. Wise on the parent login on this product.
I have enjoyed my Kindle. I am a hoping they can upgrade the resolution in the future.I love the bigger screen as my vision is impaired. Definitely a keeper as I love reading.
I love the fact that I can have it play all types of music. The Alexa also helps with amazon shopping and current events.
Even as a speaker alone this item is worth the price!
Has a ton of apps and is great for streaming. No more having to carry my ps4 up and down the stairs. Has all my go to apps
This a great tablet for everyone. Plenty of memory for downloading. Great features all around.
Perfect tablet for the money and quality. I had to buy another as a Christmas gift
My husband and I were looking around for a tablet for our daughter. We wanted something that she could use easily and we wouldn't have to worry about what she was doing. With the different profiles and parental controls available we have enjoyed our choice of this tablet.
A great Christmas gift, the kids love the gifts...
Works just fine, but a bit on the expensive side!
The best e-reader to use and handle. This is my 2nd one and will get another one in the future. Recommend this e-reader
this item is great does not take any space plus has some great features.
May grandson loves this. Went on a long car trip and he was able to watch movies and keep entertained.
I love this product. My wife was not too happy at first because I placed in our bedroom. Now she loves it as she can listen to music when she is putting on her make up in the mornings.
I love that this works just like the dot, which I already have 3. However in addition it is portable and has better speaker
This product is very useful for watching tv and streaming Netflix and others. Easy to use and easy to hook up. Works great! Good alternative to a smart tv..
This is one of the coolest and neatest tech toys out there. It has a reasonable price and offers many many options in terms of use. It can pair with your lights and many other tech toys to be all verbally controlled. It is a great source for simple things even such as weather and news. Have an amazon Prime account and feel free to unleash the music as the speaker in Alexa is pretty beast and can handle some serious tunes. Worth the money if you like tech, both small and big.
I use a Kindle Paper White for all my reading. 2 hours plus a day. But I am always disappointed when it comes to looking at maps, pictures and diagrams. Although the battery life is much shorter than the reader and the screen is not glare free, the picture is great for these old eyes!
Lady had been looking for one of these since Xmas and found one. And loves it
Research all the skills that Alexa has. You wouldn't believe what she can do.
Handy and entertaining device to have. Ask it anything and it will answer. Haven't tried advanced features yet.
Awesome. I love to read and I use it everyday. Easy to read at night in dark.
Previous one lost so wanted the same kind since I knew this was the best. It is my third Kindle and I love it.
This is a great Kindle, super easy to set up and transfer info from old kindle
I couldn't pass this one up for the money. Buy them for your kids so they can stay occupied for hours and get fat.
Best electronic purchase in a long time serves its perpose for streaming my shows and watching movies!
Works good, Just don't use it as much as I thought we would.
I bought the Amazon Fire to have easily portable access to my email and the Internet while traveling. It is a good basic tablet. Some of the text is somewhat hard to read as of is quite small. I don't have a stylus which would make use much easier. Overall, it is a good value for my limited need's and use.
As this product is made for children most would already assume that it is durable but I will go one step further and elaborate that my girlfriends 2 year old has dropped this multiple times onto concrete and the case has done its job and kept the Kindle intact. I am very happy with this purchase as is the child. Not to heavy and she can hold it with no problem.
I bought this for reading/listening books. Love the availability to expand the memory. Now I can load movies and tons of books! :-)
Thanks perfect for my little kids they love this tablet good quality and fast enough for them
Great e-reader. Has an awesome battery life, great for traveling or hanging at home. So awesome to have thousands of books available to you. I feel like book prices on ereaders have been rising, and that's unfortunate. I have two at home and I love them though!
I purchased this product during a recent sale. I am loving it. From streaming music to my phone, setting alarms, checking my schedule, and playing music. I also purchased some smart switches and am able to control several devices using my voice. Lately I have noticed that I am having to repeat the wake up phrase sometimes. However, this is not a big deal.
good product for the price and is large enough for viewing but small enough for travel
Wired internet connection is a little fast but still doesnt play higher resolution movies smoothly, especially 4k (i have 50mbps speed); could be due to slow server. For the price and infrequent use, i may just swap it for the cheaper firestick.
I bought this as a gift for my sister. Alexa works great! The speaker? Even better! Excellent quality...sounds better than many wireless speakers in the market.
Love IT!, Simple to use, very fast response as to my DVD with NetflixI recommend to have IT!
I bought two of these - one for each of my kids. Though they aren't super powerful devices, the price point is a perfect trade-off for the little ones. Now they each have something they can spend their screen time on, and they are wonderful for trips. The software is a bit clunky, but overall, a great device for $50.
Easy to use. Pretty user friendly. It is good value for the price
This is great for the beach or by the pool. If you already own an Echo, this is a great addition to the household.
have the amazon fire stick and box the box is alot faster worth the price love it have 2 of them
Purchased this for reading and the price. Good value for money.
Alexa can do basic things, hard to find tune skills
We have a lot of fun with this product. Doesn't always have the answers, but we just have to phrase the question appropriately.
Takes a little to figure out all the things echo can do.thinking about buying one for the bedroom.
It's fine, but not necessary. Had I known that I could charge my Kindle with my tablet and/or phone charging cord I would not have bought it.
It's easy to operate pluse is good price range. It's great for teens.
I love the internet, tweeting and facebook. No computers can complete me!! My kindle takes care of all my needs ;) !!!Juju
Cool device , pretty much answers everything. Takes time to pair with other devices.
Sharp screen that's not too big or small. Takes some getting used to if you normally use an IPhone. Be prepared for ads, which must be the reason they can sell it at such a low price. Slim profile, just heavy enough to feel substantial and high quality. Hard to find cases at physical stores.
Good product for $50. External SD card is nice option.
A great alternative to the more expensive tablets. Battery lasts for quite a while.
I love Alexa, she's amazing...She does everything I ask her, she wakes me up, play my playlist from Amazon Unlimited Music perfectly. I like it so much, I bought my fiance one. Thanks for the amazing product Amazon.
My old tablet had froze up on me, I was vacationing and I needed a new tablet, so I went to Best Buy and bought the Fire, easy to use and reasonably priced.
great device. easy to use. smooth. snappy & full of content.
wow. best price for a tablet. if google did with chromecast to pave streaming world, this tablet with amazon underground will be the next phase of free app world to come.
Wonderful graphics, it met all my expectations. The camera and the price were a great bonus.
Perfect for my busy family. We can all watch shows and without having to watch them the day they run. Lots of extras and easy to use.
I bought this item for my 9 year old son. He loves it and it has nice feaures such as parental controls.
This is the perfect tablet for someone who will just be doing web surfing and video watching. Price point is perfect.
I did not receive any instructions on how to begin using my Kindle Fire. I started using it before I came across an important note that I should charge it before using it. I plan on utilizing the Geek Squad to get me started. I have tried on my own but get frustrated when I can't get what I'm looking for in order to operate it. I feel confident that once I learn to use it I will be satisfied with my purchase.
Great to view movies, play games, surf the net. Makes shopping on Amazon music easy
Hard to set up an email. Also it's difficult to navigate with until you use it for quite a while
Great product for the, you can't go wrong with purchase.
My husband is up in years & really enjoys spending time on his Kindle. He had a smaller one & it gave out on him so this one is ideal. He spends hours on it & has hours of fun!!!
Light, compact, and great light. This is the best e-reader money can buy.
Easy for my wife to play music she likes by just asking. Works great on Fire Tv. Still hooking up lights and controllers but all has been easy to do.
It is my first e-reader then I cannot compare it with others. However, in comparison to tablets, the most importance thing is you enjoy reading your book without any eyestrain.
I thought long and hard about upgrading from my paperwhite, but decided to do so despite not beating able to actually see one in the store. I have owned a Kindle since the second generation version. This is by far my favorite. The look and feel are amazing. I don't regret the purchase one bit as I have the disposable income to do so, but for most the paperwhite will more than suffice at a significantly smaller price point.
its does everything it says with no problems only wish it was waterproof
This Fire Tv box is great. Bye bye cable, hello savings. I'm glad I purchased this item.
I purchased this on Black Friday because I could pass on the price. The tablet works great for basic internet needs and great for shopping on Amazon. If I were to purchase another Android Tablet, I will look for something with a little more power since this tablet slows when multi-tasking.
Didn't give 5 stars due to she is still learning! (so am I)New skills are being added weekly!
Best streaming device. For the price better than Apple TV
easy to setup and use. with low cost subscriptions you can get great shows and movies
I love this thing. It controls my lights (additional components needed). I ask it questions. It gives me traffic and weather...and manages my shopping and to-do lists. I know I'm just only scratching the surface...but so far, I have no complaints.
This is a great starter tablet. Purchased for my 6 year old, it has been easy to use. Only giving get four stars because there should be a better way to control purchases. My son figured out quickly how to purchase apps. Finally figured out how to put a pin on app purchases.
Text looks great on it. My only issue the the browsing ability.
I love my kindle fire it's is good for watching movies reading and anything you need a tablet for.
We love our little NSC plant, she is very helpful and I know she is excellent at keeping the proper authorities informed with the happenings in our humble abode.
Very good quality
Bought it for my mom for Mother's Day. She loves it. Used it for music, weather, and just in case she can't get to the phone, Alexa can send a text to us.
Overall a nice product for traveling purposes Value for money
I was not surprised by anything I found out. The deviae works as advertised. It's great with the simple commands. I hope it interfaces as well as I've read about with Harmony and SmartThings.
I love how you can play Spotify, Audible and set alarms and sleep timers at the sound of your voice. The Echo does a great job understanding what I am saying as well. Great purchase!
I would like to buy this because it caught my attention.
Got this on a lark for my 9 yr old and mother-in-law who does not have a smart phone because of the Black Friday price. It's good for the price, but the picture quality is okay. I hope it lasts.
Perfect size. Easy to read my favorite books on the go
This tablet has little cpu power and is really only made to work with the Amazon Prime crowd. Not what I was looking for.
I've always been a big proponent of real books; love the smell, touch, etc, but I love my kindle. The lighting for the screen allows me to read with the lights off without killing my eyes and it's easier to transport and use when not at home.
The echo is a great gadget we use it all the time one of the best purchases we made from amazon
I purchased this tablet for my son to use after realizing he took mine over almost completely. He has no problems navigating from game to game. Excellent speed and love the HD screen.
If you're already a prime member, than this is the streaming device you want to go with. With HD/4k streaming, you're set with any selections the apps you use have.
This is a perfect tablet for reading brooks as it is possible to do so at night, during the day, even in direct sun light! A great ebook reader!
I love the Amazon Echo so much I ordered two plus am planning on ordering the echo dot along with the nest thermostat 5 Switches that are Alexa enabled and the ecobee that is Alexa enabled. I would highly recommend them to friends and family.
This thing is awesome. Gives weather , news and traffic. Plus sets timers plays music and understands you. You can even call people
I haven't had any issues so far with my tablet. The only downside I am aware of is that I can't use it outdoors without getting a lot of glare.
Bought this for my adult son who is confined to a bed due to MS. His caregivers can ask Alexa to play Pearl Jam music and its there. This is the second one we have plus we also have the Dot.
Amazing must have device, gets better with time as more and more "skills" are added. Able to listen to local sports radio, music, controlling your smart devices, etc. Great sound from the speaker as well....
Pros: preloaded with everything your kids will need.Cons: need to buy at least 32GB microSD with it.
Can't beat the quality and performance of this tablet for $60. I bought it to be my main link with my Amazon Prime. But used it last week instead to download Direct TV app so I could use it to watch the FBS championship game. It worked great but it couldn't help my bama team win.
This is a great Tablet at a really great price. The best part is if you happen to break it just buy a new one
I purchased the tablet for my mother. She is a senior and not technological. She has learned to use the tablet to pay her bills which saves a lot of time and stamps. She also plays games on the device that helps with her cognitive ability. Best purchase of the season
Great for the kids, made for a great Christmas present.
Best buy ever for my 3 year old. Only purchased because they were out of the Galaxy tablet. I'm glad. This tablet is PERFECT for my 3 year old. I love that it has 2 modes. The kids mode sometimes freeze and takes a minutes for apps to open. Also didn't download Netflix movies like indicated. But regular mode works great. My daughter loves watching weird homemade youtube movies anyway.
This is the second Kindle I have owned. Paperwhite appealed to me for its reader-friendly settings and backlighting. My first Kindle was a keyboard model with no backlight so I used a "clip in" light that fit in my M Edge case. I forsook the keyboard this time as I rarely used Kindle for web browsing. I also abandoned my fear of advertising to select the "special features?" model. Ads appear only at start up and are quickly and easily dispatched - there's only one ad so all you do is swipe up and it's gone. The new Kindle has exceeded my expectations. After I get books to put on it, I turn off the WiFi and the device will go for weeks without recharging. (Btw, I purchased an inexpensive Fintie case which shuts down Kindle when you close the cover and sends it to sleep - it's never really totally off.) You just have to remember to put your reading on the device itself rather than in the "cloud". The backlighting is awesome and the Paperwhite e-ink and font great for older eyes. My only complaint is that the "collections" setup is not particularly user friendly and the icons take getting used to on the toolbar. However, I am totally happy with this purchase and glad I updated to Paperwhite.
Easy to access the apps, but not always easy to quit. The device works good, but since it's the apps that make it what it is, more attention should be given to their operation. I was disappointed that it did not come with even a basic user's guide.
I bought this for my toddler and its perfect. He is rough with it and it still works. I wanted something that I use to teach him the basics of using a tablet and this worked great. It comes with a 2 yrs warranty.
If you have Amazon Prime, these tablets are a must.
Greater. Good. Ok. Nice. Ok. Enough. Done. Go get it.
l love my fire tv. liked it somuch i purchased a firestick formy other tv. i use them every day!
This is a great choice for kids is simple, not expensive and a great alternative.
Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
Went to buy the Kindle Paperwhite, but after comparing them side-by-side I decided to buy the Voyage. I thought that the print was a little sharper and I liked the smaller and lighter weight. I have been using it almost every day and really, really enjoy it.
The Amazon Fire is an affordable alternative to some other tablets on the market. A great value. I like the fact that it's memory is expandable.
I picked up the Fire TV because I already owned 3 Fire Sticks and was happy with them. I wanted a unit that I was familiar with and I"m glad I bought this one. I don't really use Alexa so that didn't play a part in the purchase. However, you really see the dual core processing power when you start apps. It's a good bit faster than the Fire Sticks with the same ease of use. As an added bonus, you can install and play games. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
I'm never paying for cable again! I'm so pleased with Amazon Fire box, we watch all our favorite tv shows and new. We have it all. And no $300 per month bill!
This was the perfect gift for Mother's Day!! Awesome and easy to set up!
Bought this for my 8 year old daughter so that I could get my iPad back. The biggest feature that I like is the ability to control her content and screen time. Some apps that she has on the iPad aren't available on the Fire but it does enough to keep her satisfied. This is a good entry level tablet for a kid.
This tablet is just the right size for travel and the kids.It has the Amazon app store and user interface and lots ofgreat features. Auto uploads pictures and videos to your Amazon cloud.
This product is excellent with apps available for many strraming services and capable of third party app implementations as well.
First had the fire stick and i heard the box was much faster. I bought it and as soon as i plugged in and got started i was able to see how fast and smooth it worked. Great product.
I love my tablet so far! It does everything I need it to. Movies, music, games, and books. I love it for streaming movies. The video quality is fantastic. Reading is also super easy and I don't get headaches from the screen. Definitely happy. Bought my hubby one too.
It is inexpensive so you can get many of them. It also has a speaker.
Purchased as a gift for tech-challenged loved one - setup and quick start very simple and straightforward. Ease of loading lots of free library books alone made it well worth the purchase. However, if you have reservations regarding outdoor glare, I'd recommend trying it out first-hand before buying.
I absolutely love my kindle it is wonderful and I probably consider it my best friend!
Great tool for you and your family to be entertained
bought the fire - 7 tablet for our granddaughter. she loves it
the sound is excellent and it was easy to set up. have use it to control light outlets and play music.
I upgraded from the fire stick to this. The fire tv runs much faster than my fire stick. Great product.
This device is like an all in one entertainment machine!! I really enjoy how easy it is to use and what is even better is that I am able to stream PlayStation Vue through this device. Now I can cancel my expensive cable subscription and just keep on "vueing" right now my couch potatoe life is on fire!!
Great for streaming TV/ movies. I hardly ever have interruptions.
So far I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. Great product for a great price!
bought this as an upgrade for my 9 yr old son from his Nabi and he loves it
Much harder to work than an android. None of the wallpaper apps I downloaded from the kindle store work on the device. many of the other apps look cheap on the display. other wise it is prettier and more responsive than the cheaper $49 tablet. They make it look like an android tablet but it is not. no google play. Everything is just harder to work than on a regular android BUT for a tablet under $100 it exceeds expectations. It is more responsive than other models of fire
Hello I got this product for my daughter and she loves it. Best Tablet under $50.
For the money this is most likely the best tablet available. This $49 tablet will do everything my Samsung Galaxy 4 will do. I wish Amazon had this available before I purchased the Samsung. I would highly recommend this tablet.
Reasonable price yet love it my kids loves itttttt
I love being able to choose what I want to watch!!
Received the echo dot last year and bought this as well. Love it!
I wanted a Bluetooth speaker I am glad I got this....i like playing the games and asking it questions.
It's easy to use. I can check my email, play games from AppStore, headlines news, amazon deals & offers. Very reasonable price.
Awesome product. All voices in the house recognized. To do and shopping lists work great. Music playing is great
My kids found this very easy to use. The Kindle has great features.
This device most definitely lives up to the hype, and I'm excited to see it full realize it's potential in the near future!!
Cool tab. Must buy for kids. Amazon need load apps
I love my Echo! Very entertaining and informative.
Bought it for a couple of my friends and it was a big hit with them! Very useful!
This tablet has been great for my 8 yr old son. It has an expandable memory. Charges fast. Very durable!
I have been using this for a bit now. It's wonderful. I also have another tablet but use the kindle exclusively for reading. The kindle works extremely. If you use amazon prime this is a no brainer.
Most of the time I use the tablet for the Web, reading and email, but when I want to work on a Word doc, pdf, budget and a lot more, I can do it well on the tablet without pulling out my laptop. The screen isn't as sharp as the S2 models but is nice enough and it does not lack anything else.
I like it because you can hardwire it. works a whole lot faster then the stick.
Purchased this as a Mother's Day gift. My wife loves it, and really enjoys the night reading ability and says it doesn't cause any eye strain.
Awesome! Really small size and fits perfect without taking a lot of space on the entertainment rack. Love it so far! 4K is awesome and definitely recommended! Make sure you are using the HDMI port specifically for HDCP 2.2 on your TV.
I really like the smaller size reader, and being left handed the ease of use of the haptic page turn buttons are very easy to use. I don't even use the touch screen page advance any more, with the haptic advance this can be done from the right or left side of the reader, an advantagefor us lefties. This is my fourth kindle, I keep upgrading due to all the changes and advances, I use my kindle every night and enjoy it very much and would highly recommend if you want to upgrade to the voyage, visit your local best buy and hold it in your hands and feel and see the difference.
Got this for my 3 year old and 7 year old and they love it. I have education apps and books that reads to them or they can read along. I would recommend getting a case for it if it's for the little ones just to keep it protected.
Awesome battery, does every thing I need it to. I love it.
The apps I really want it won't let me download. I don't like that I HAVE to sign up for "One Click" with a credit card.
Great to read at night in bed. Great detail and easy on the eyes.
The amazon fire tv is awesome. You can find any tv show or any movie you want from any year old or new.
It is very easy to use and very durable.. I would recommend this to anyone looking to purchase a tablet.
I got this for my one and two year old girls and I don't have any complaints! The battery life isn't great but I don't really mind that!
Bought it for my 9 year old son... he loves it.... can do a lot more than expected.
a birthday gift for my son and he likes it. always attached to his hand and always on it.
We just LoVe this product!! I have to buy a couple Echo Dots nest. It works and that's all you need. I add new skills from the Alexa app and they work good and will buy some Wemo outlets and Hues to add controls for my lighting in the house. It can only get better as new Gens of this product come out.
Durable, works great enjoy using it for books and audio books
I'm so happy with this product, so many channels and best of all no more cable company. Just to give you all an idea, I was PAYING about $$$$125.00 plus, plus, plus amonth, in cable, that's about $$$1500 plus, plus, plus a year. So now I with NETFLIX, AMAZON PRIME & SLING TV going to pay about $40.00 a moth, that's about $500 per year..... Plus there is other goodies that comes with it. Excellent streaming capabilities never lose it signal. Excellent product AMAZON
If you love to read this is a must. Only thing that I don't like is all the ads that pop up, when the wi-fi is open
Like having an assistant. Use it to multi task while I'm at home and work.
Easy setup, the speaker sounds great for music!! Alexa is quite responsive LOL and quite intelligent.
I just moved and wanted to start fresh without gigantic cable/sat bills. I figured I could use this for netflix, sling tv, and replace the cable clutter and it works wonderfully. CONS: The remote is very basic and it could use a few more buttons, there is no volume or power on/off buttons so you will have multiple remote controls lying around. If you have a smart tv you may not need this as the apps you are looking for may be available on it. PROS: quick, responsive, very sleek and small. Combines everything you need and more.
enjoy this product, very easy to use and update when needed
Superb sound quality with deep bass and loudness, excellent voice recognition with noise cancelling. Lot of Alexa apps with integration with Logitech remote, Philips Hue home automation devices.
This was a gift for my wife, she had a previous version, and she loved the upgrade to tjis new version.
I am using it for my 3 year old and she loves it..
Works great and provides everything you need. Love the parental controls, color, screen, and camera functions. Very easy for setup.
I have missed my Pandora since I moved from Ft. Worth, TX to Colorado a few months ago. My nephew had the Amazon Tap and I was amazed at all the things his kids were having fun with it ( saying.. ALEXA.. tell MIMI (their Grandmother) to GO TO BED.. AND IT DID!! And the sound and quality of music coming from it. Awesome. :) I had to have one, so I went to local Best Buy and bought it. I even set it up myself (I'm 65 so was impressed with myself! LOL) but I have listened nonstop to 60s music or music from DIRTY DANCING (which I loved). I have ordered a little case from Amazon.com to keep it if it tips over or just to carry from room to room, which I have been doing. I feel like I have a new found friend.... love listening to this little cylinder who is as good as BOSE in my book! Get it, you'll love it! I DO!! :) VERY VERY pleased with it! Weather updates here or where my kdis are. Just checking. :)No interruptions or commercials when listening ALL DAY LONG!
My son is little standoff y Alexa... other then that we like it.
Found I am using the "Fire"' more then my phone. Speed is fast.. Easy to navigate.
This unit is very easy to use and comes with voice activated remote.
We love our Echo! Easy to use, helpful and doesn't I see up our data plan
I brought it to have an extra table around the house for my daughter and it didn't disappoint
cause if you didnt know, now you know.. but u knew
I bought this on Black Friday for 60 bucks and wasn't expecting too much at that price point. This isn't as good as a iPad but at that price it's pretty close and worth every penny.
I get frustrated with this alot. I like being able to speak commands but she never seems to know much even though we add skills to her. She is always saying she doesnt know that. The speaker is not the quality that I would expect for the price.
I love my tablet I can complaint about it that's the best deal for the year
Excellent product. Easy to use, large screen makes watching movies and reading easier.
Very easy to operate and convenient to travel with.
This is a little delay in responding and you can definitely stump it. I would recommend the cheaper versions that can do the same.
Have had it for a week now and works great.
i love the speaker sound and that I can talk to Alexa and ask her anything.
I find this perfect for reading. It's much lighter than the mini iPad. Easier on the eyes.
Even though the price of the tablet matters the display and resolution should have been much better. Feels like working in the tablet without the charger connected. Amazon disappointed me with this product. Minor issues in installing the apps which are available in iOS too.
Great starter tablet, affordable price.i bought 12 units. Great Christmas present to my nephews and nieces.
Easy too use and a plus for wife to read books being a prime member
A high quality and affordable new toy that anyone should have. Loved it!
This Kindle doesn't have a lighted screen like the pricier models but it has a higher dpi screen than the lower model. It's exactly what I needed, nothing more, nothing less. I've had no problems with the reader at all so far so I'll give it 5 stars.
AwesomeUr able to download kodi abd watch anything whever
I bought this for my Mother. She loves it. She can play her games she likes and she can use kindle and audible all with just one device.
A very good price for the tablet. The sound volume is a little low. Needed someone with technical knowledge to help me set-up the tablet.
read most of the reviews. didn't see anything about ads or I may have been blinded on how cheap it was. there are ads at the lock screen and the pop ups from free apps. the several apps I have download would always pop up. got me annoyed so I returned it. besides that it is pretty smooth operating, smoother than galaxy tab A.
it's just ok for a tablet, it doesn't have google play store of course which limits a wide variety. I would think by now they would offer most of the play store apps but nope. It's slow and browser doesn't load pages with flash or graphics good. poor camera. but it functions ok for a cheap tablet. i didn't expect a lot, but did expect better from kindle.
Got Alexa for Christmas and love it. Great fun to ask questions but also good for music, listening to books and ordering from amazon. Have not set it up to control anything in the house but am investigating it! Great buy and definitely reccommend!
Good tablet, great price, easy to use, pick up simple
My daughter loves it. She can make her videos and listen to her music.
Bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter! She was wearing my Kindle out with ABCmouse.com! She loves it and I love the warranty
Hey Alexa, Hey Alexa - Night and day it's Hey Alexa. Make the fire, fix the breakfast, Wash the dishes, do the mopping!Ok, so I haven't figured out how to make Alexa clean my house like Cinderella...yet. But I'm working on it. In the meantime, I have figured out that she is much more than a glorified alarm clock or DJ. Although, you should know that alarms are not currently supported on this device, like they are on the Echo. This is a more basic version of Alexa. It doesn't have her full functionality.ABOUT MEI'm not sure what the target demographic for this product is, but I am a professional female in my early thirties, who is in a committed relationship. That is a nice way of saying that my partying days are behind me and my boyfriend and I spend a lot of time binge watching stuff on the sofa. Yes. We are suburban couch potatoes. No shame here. Also, I am an Amazon Prime member, but do not have a 4k TV.I used to have a Roku that I used for Netflix and Hulu. However, I was more interested in free shipping, so I moved to Prime and got a Fire TV Stick when it was offered for 19.99. For me the stick is a glorified HDMl cable. You could get the same benefits by connecting your laptop to your TV. It's less cumbersome, but that's about it. I wanted it because it said it could mirror your device's screen onto your TV. It didn't explain clearly enough that the only device it could do that with was a Kindle (although this has since changed and can now be done). That is why I didn't order the Echo when it came out. It sounded cool but I couldn't figure out what it actually did. Since then, my father got one for my mother, who had a stroke, and it is awesome.Read more
I have an Amazon Kindle and this one. The kindle from Best Buy comes with some features that the Amazon Kindle doesn't have or offer like screensavers.
I got this to replace an old Kindle that had no light. Works great and the price can't be beat!
Nice clear picture and easy to follow instructions for use of box.
Very compact and easy to use. I Just wish it had Google play store but amazon is still great.
Nice easy to use Tablet for a good price..........
Really good small tablet. Small and very convenient. Great visual quality.
My wife broke her kindle, so we tried the fire and she has loved it!
I purchased this amazon fire. Because, Reviews are good. But, I realized they left reviews before they receive it.I found couple of issues not to buy this tablet.1. It is impossible to use google account.Even You can log in gmail account.2. Bad for web surfing. There are so many limits for web surfing.3.This issue is only for Koreans. It is impossible to type & see Korean language.Do not buy this tablet if you are Korean.I do not know why this tablet does not support Korean. Even supports other Asian countries languages as like Chinese, Japanese. Etc....
Just as expected...The Amazon Echo performs great and is an excellent product to add on to a connected home.
good product for youngsters, provides learning and fun together
great for movies.Works better with a bluetooth mouse
This is my second fire tv. It is a solid device with user friendly interface and remote. I would recommend over Roku and AppleTV.
Cut the cable. save money. we love it and recommend
I love reading on my Paperwhite! The battery lasts for weeks and it is light enough to carry in my purse when I don't want to carry my other Kindle devices.
The Fire TV/Stick by Amazon is an amazing product. It has totally reinvented the way you can get premium movies/tv channels, without paying premium price.... I am replacing all of my cable boxes with this product....the savings are incredible!
It works well in our house. Can hear my voice from pretty far away. Does what you want and more
Love this item, it really is amazing what it can do.
I wanted a reader that was easy to use indoor or outside. I am very pleased and so glad I purchased this product. Ordering books is also very easy.
My grandson loved it He plays it everyday Papa I love it
This is my 4th Kindle. I love that it can be used in any light... even no light at all. It is small and easy to carry around. Still has all the best features of all the others before it.
Alexa, write the review please. Well, not quite that good yet, but it is a lot of fun and makes life more hands free which also means it is easier to multitask.
Have been using this for a while and never believe it would be so handy and helpful. Product features are good and is quite handy to carry anywhere.
I've tried several tv boxes but this one is so far the best
my daughter loves it its very easy to use i got the child proof case also
It does what it is supposed to do.
I can say that amazon fire tv is a great product for people who enjoy watching their favorite shows in a easy way with out too much work...don't think about it too much just buy it :)
This is a great tablet. Power connector could be better.
I own 3 Kindles. They are my favorite hand held technology so it was an easy decision to buy my great niece one for her birthday. The case helps make it even more sturdy so it can stand up to being dropped more often than an adult would. It's easy to use and she loves it.
I bought this grudgingly as a way to read in bed without a light that bothered my wife. As it turns out I'm really glad I did. The light is adjustable and the "print" is crisp and clear. Even better is the ability to enlarge the print which has been helpful to my old eyes. There is a great ebook selection available from the library and many cheap books available on Amazon.
I like the Kindle fire over all, but the Kindles definitely have issues with the charging ports. We have the older 7s and we have issues with getting the cords to charge them. As a parent, you are better off not having children plug them in. We still continue to purchase new one because of the reasonable pricing and due to all the amazon app purchases we have made through the years. Hopefully one day they will design a better charging port
My friends kids loved them. Perfect for kids 6 and up. Would def. recommend
This is excellent for toddlers and also as they grow. Numerous things they can do on it and also nice to be abke to control it as a parent.
convenience with alexa is changing my home, setting it up with light bulbs thermostats, audio radio...best investment ever.
Got this gift for my mother and she's constantly using it. She's fun to use and the speakers are amazing. Considering In getting one for myself. Love this product!
We recently bought this tablet for my 3 year old son and he loves it! It is easy to use, have lots of apps available, the cover is durable and it comes with a 2 year warranty! The only problem for us is the battery won't last.. Overall an amazing tablet!
We got this for our 5 year old and its very simple to use and sheuses it for ABC mouse and other educational apps
I really enjoy my Amazon Echo. Not only does it play my music, I use it for home automation (wireless) and can make phone calls to friends that also have Alexa. One Echo was not enough so I purchased additional Echos for different rooms.
Perfect size for on-the-go people. Easy to hold. Easy on the eyes. Battery life is excellent.
For me, the Kindle Black was not a good fit for me. There are times I read at night in bed when my husband is sleeping. This model doesn't have a back light so I'm unable to read at night without turning on a light and waking up my husband.So I returned and went for a Kindle Fire.
He plays his games and we can put parental controls on this tablet.
Works great. Nice upgrade over the Fire stick as it has an Ethernet port. Heavily focused on Amazon content (duh) but if you have a Prime account, this is a must.
Love how easy it was to setup and use. Sounds is great and the features are abundant.
I'm a big outdoor reader, so the paperwhite is perfect for me.
Love that the Tap is portable. Drag it all around the house and outside. I'm not an audiophile, but I think the sound quality is very good except at the highest level. Only wish it was always listening when it is charging on the dock.
The Amazon echo is a wonderful product and I would recommend it to everyone.
If you want a tablet to watch movies and use with Prime, this is awesome for the money. Not great to browse with but will get the job done. Can't beat for $35
It's a great tablet for the price. I bought it as a gift and they loved it.
This is very easy to read and just the right size and weight to carry.
Bought these as gifts for family. Great introduction into the tablet world
We bought this as a gift for my 85 year old mother-in-law. She enjoys reading, but needed to magnify the text in order to read easily. The Kindle is simple enough for her to use and she is enjoying it.
would be nice with some simple start up directions and links to website hints.
If you are solely looking for the best reading experience, and not looking for tablet functionality, the Kindle Paperwhite will serve your purposes very well. Besides providing a great reading experience with its dictionary, Wikipedia acess and Xray function, the in book search function works perfectly. The Glow light also works great and has a very large range of brightnesses.The text is very crisp, and the battery life s excellent. An excellent buy.
This is a great personal speaker. I have both the Tap and the Echo. The only downside to the tap is you actually have to physically "tap" the mic button to activate Alexa. The sound quality is pretty good for the price. If you can afford it, I would upgrade to the Echo.
Nice product and excellent quality very convenient
I bought two of these for my 82 year old mother and 88 year old aunt - they love them! Easy to use! Great gift. Can't wait to buy one for me!
Great price for the device. Many options, easy to use!
I love my Kindle!! It's great for downloading & reading books. It's especially great because I can read regardless of the lighting conditions!
Was bought for my 8 yr old who loves it to pieces!
Kindle paperwhite comes with back light so it can be reader without enough light source. Since it uses e-ink, it can be read under bright light. Moreover, it is not costly at all.
Got this for my wife and she loves it. Compact library on the go for an avid reader.
Really enjoying our Echo; listening to music and using for alarm and reminders
Great tablet for kids they love it it is also great that you can download music and movies through Amazon Prime
upgraded my 3 year old kindle- same old. doesnt seem that great of a difference. the graphical interface still sucks but its decent for reading.
Great tablet for my childthis tablet was just everything that I need it for my child
I was contemplating to buy either the insignia 10.1 or the Fire Hd8, I'm so glad I chose the latter. It is so fast and sufficient for my needs. I also downloaded Google play on the tablet even making this a better purchase. For $59, you can't go wrong with this purchase.
We love Alexa and everything she can do for us and also the info for our son
Great for reading, internet and game playing. Small enough to easily carry it in my purse. Definitely recommend!
I haven't encountered any issues with it so far. I really like the screen mirroring capability because it lets me project my miracast-enabled Windows 10 laptop and my Galaxy S5 to the big screen. It really can turn any TV into a Smart TV.
I was looking for the slingbox app. Not many devices seem to support watching slingbox on a TV (not sling TV). This worked great!
I would recommend the echo to anyone who is looking for a smart home device.
Is very easy to operate, bought as an extra for when Grandchildren visit because I love to use mine to read and couldn't if they wanted to play with my reader !
The firetv is so easy to use. Plug it in and go. Affordable & lots of great apps
Easy to use, load books and to read in out door light conditions. Very light to hold and read.
Not a bad basic tablet but is slow when loading apps
I like this Kindle paperwork, it works good and relative cheap.
I bought this for my daughter and I have no complaints. It's a little slow compared to my iPad, but it's perfect for a child.
The Amazon Tap is a great mobile Bluetooth speakers, if you are invested in the Amazon eco-system. The produces good sound at all levels, plays music stored in your associated cloud accounts and does everything else the Echo can do, just with mobility added to it (as opposed to the Echo that always has to be plugged into the wall to work).
Hy husband loves his kindle.the back light so he can read anywhere with low eye strain is awsome
Very fun and informational tool to have. Bought this for my wife but everyone loves it!
This product allows me to save over a hundred dollars on my cable bill.
I have several echo dots around my home, but this makes it easier for me to carry into a room that doesn't have one and control things around the house, listen to the news or music. It holds a great charge.
It's so easy to use and fun! I watch shows on Netflix and MTV apps
Alexa is very useful at home. It helps you to play music, set up time, checklists to do, etc
Best then Siri. This is my 3rd purchase. Got a dot and a tap as well. And they all working inside the same house in different rooms.
I purchased the kindle, because actual books are heavy and take up to much room. The kindle works fast, and is easy to use.
I don't recommended if you are using Apple products
My son LOVES it! Easy to use and download books. Requested for his Birthday gift.
My second Alexa (I refuse to call it echo). This little toy wakes me up every morning and together with her little sister help me avoid burning my food, stay up to date with news, play my favorite music, control Hue Lights, remember things, and read. I slowly grew attached to Alexa and now it's a part of my life that I probably cannot live without. The one thing that I don't do with it is shopping (sorry Amazon) and I shop a lot. I find it cumbersome and unintuitive. Perhaps you can use it to reorder things that you are already familiar with. The sound quality is good enough. Every morning Alexa plays some upbeat music to jump start my day. It's not as good as my UE Megaboom; it lacks bass. Granted, not that many people would expect audiophile music quality from Alexa anyways.The problem with Alexa is still its rather disappointing app selection--both quality and quantity. But I guess the few goods one still imo justify a purchase. My advice is to get one and try it out for a couple of weeks. If it grows on you, keep it. If not, say bye. Alexa won't be sad at all.
I bought as a gift for my daughter but she also received from another person. However she still enjoyed it.
GREAT FOR BUISNESS IF YOUR INTO WORKING CONSTRUCTION
Excellent product. We have fun talking to our new " friend." Daughter love the stories from the echo app. Very useful and it is used daily. Highly suggested.
It's a basic tablet for $50. What's not to like. I purchased this to read on, and it's great for that.
Tablet is great, it is used for several hours a day and there is no problem with power. Just a the right size for it's purpose.
For the cheaper price I really liked this tablet. We bought 2
I got this as a gift and I must say the sound is better than my Bose speaker. I not only listen to music but it turns my lamp on when I ask. Alexa also can give me the traffic report as well as weather she tells jokes and many more things. I think everyone should have one of these!!
This is a great device for those who are looking for time savings throughout the day. I am still learning how to use the Echo, but I have the basics down. You can ask about the weather, news briefings, jokes, play music etc. So far so good.
Still getting to know how to use, but so far I am loving it
Echo is A fantastic product. Does everything it says it does and set up is a breeze.
Didn't think connecting me house to Alexa would be so easy.
The music was good, however, Alexa's voice was inaudible most of the time. It couldn't meet our needs so we returned it.
This tablet is awesome for the price point! Read, play games, consume media, surf the Web... and all for around 50 bucks! It's easy to set up and easy to use. Nice cameras and expandable memory round out the package.
This was an item I bought for black Friday because the price was really low. I love it. It gets the job done, great travel item. $49.99, is exactly how much it's worth. The sound is low, but again for a good inexpensive, travel tablet, this is a Best Buy:)
Got this for Playstation Vue and realized we love it for all our other TV services too. So easy to search for shows - Alexa finds the shows and gives you all options on how to watch (Netflix, Hulu, HBO GO, Prime, etc.).We use on wifi connection and never have any issues. Super fast and clear for all programs including channels on Playstation Vue.
this is a perfect tablet for our 10 year old so he can play games
Good product.......................................
Very easy to use tablet. Lots of apps and game available.
I'm not very electronic savvy but with a little help Alexa is helpful, funny, fun and smart!
For it being a Amazon tablet it does everything you need it to do on a general point.
Not needed but convient to use for music and questions. Kids enjoy giving her orders.
Works great having lots of fun asking questions. I have it connected to my smart home and insteon lighting so now everyone can easily operate the house by voice. There was a learning curve as to how to communicate with the Echo but easily learned
Just plug in and go. Very easy to use right out of the box. Speaker seems to be great quality.
Amazing how low cost this tablet is. Good for basic apps and browsing. Has ads on the lock screen unless you pay to get rid of them, but is just the lock screen and does not interfere with any functionality. For cost can't go wrong.
I'm very tough on dishwashers and this one seems to be up to the challenge! I will never own another brand!
This is my second Kindle. And again bought just a basic reader. For the convenience, choice of reading materials, comfort of reading, a Kindle can not be beat.
I tend to use this ore than my ipad. this has got to be the best bargain for a fully functional tablet I have ever seen. I now have three of these devices and may get another.
The screen is very sharp and easy to use. The letters are crisp and distinctive. The back light works well in the dark or light. I have no problem reading at night in the dark or during the day outside in direct sunlight. The new page press buttons are perfectly placed and very convenient. It's light weight and small enough to hold in one hand whole reading. I only have to charge it every 2 weeks.I would recommend this edition to anyone who enjoys reading.
This was a gift to my sister in law and she loves it. Only comes with 8GB of memory but you can upgrade to 128 and she did.
We bought the tablets for our kiddos for a great price on a Black Friday deal! Our kiddos love it and it's perfect for their school programs!
Got for my 4 year old. The parental controls are nice. I wish the netflix app was registered as "video", so I could give him 30 minutes of games and 30 minutes of video. I'm sure this works with purchased videos, maybe prime, but not netflix. He plays Star Wars Angry Birds and Star Wars Commander and loves them. It's a good size for little hands. It's great that as the parent, I can buy a book or game, and all devices can use it, even with each other if it's a multiplayer game. I bought a cheap case elsewhere that also props it up for hands-free video watching.
I purchased he Fire because you can do more with it. I have an Apple TV (2nd gen) and I enjoyed it, but was looking for something a little faster. So far it's been great. Being able to side load other apps has been great and the Amazon Prime content is pretty good.
I like my kindle and got it at great price.I would recommend it to someone and it's kid friendly as well so it's great to read books.
and you can't beat the price. Normally $50, these were on sale for $30 for Black Friday so I picked up 2 as gifts.
Excellent product. My grandson loves it. Fast, easy to use and yet challenging enough that he is learning at the same time
Bought for a gift for my girlfriend, she loves it she had the little 7" fire this is like holding a flat screen very nice picture.
Love it, works better than anticipated. Also at a good price
Does not load up CNN or Travel channel.I even have DirectNOW for $50 a month and 200 MB internet speed. And the new google wifi router.I give up and will just go back to regular cable and pay the extra - for less hassle. Cable/Satellite WINS.
Pros: Look no further if you are a book lover and shopping for a ereader. The price is slightly on the higher side but well worth it. You might want to consider the upgraded Kindle Paperwhite with 300ppi if price is a concern.Cons: The Bookerly font update is not available yet although it is available in the Paperwhite.
Runs better that a fire stick and it buffers faster two, great for streaming Netflix, and Hulu in HD, I haven't had any issues with these programs and if you have amazon prime you can link your account for streaming, purchasing and renting titles.
You could pay more and get something better but for reading comics and watching YouTube this is fine
The best streaming device of all the ones i have tried.
Good product, easy to use. Fast processor, speedy internet card
I love this product! It was easy to set up and fun to use!
I like this Kindle Voyage. There is plenty of storage. The page turning is perfect.
I got the Amazon Fire 7Tablet for my daughter as a Christmas present and she loves it. It meets all her needs.
Perfect for lazy people. Allows you to set ur best thermostat, turn off lights, set alarms. Love it !
The Echo is working with no problems and we are still learning new ways and ideas to ask questions about everything and anything. Pleased with the purchase and quality.
I can't figure out how to use without switching out the hd1 plugs continuously .
I love my Echo. This is actually the second one I purchased. I use it to set timers and alarms. We also use it to play music for our son and when family comes over to provide some background music.
i use this tablet for everything. facebook, youtube,and games! the screen is so crystal clear. plus it has expandable memory!
I bought it over kindle HD for my kid to encourage his reading instead of internet/game addiction. He completed Harry Potter series in 3 weeks. What a good decision to but it.
A great little tablet built for kids with access to volumes of free apps for a year, including books, games, etc. It can be easily used by kids of almost any age.
Perfect if you just want to check email, Facebook, apps - works great.
It's great. We have a an echo dot as well and the big one sounds so much better. If you need it for music, don't go with the dot. Go with the Echo (big boy)!
This is used daily in my house. I would highly recommend this product and buy it for a gift for a friend.
Great reader, perfect size and weight, fantastic battery life.
I couldn't be happier with Amazon Fire TV! I had purchased the Fire stick first to try out. It, as well as Fire TV, are a breeze to install...fast, easy, and amazing. I have the voice remotes on all of them and it makes navigating outstanding. I'm using the Fire Stick on my bedroom TV and the Fire TV on my flat screen in the family room. The main difference is that the Fire TV has a greater memory capacity than the Stick. It comes with a lot of free films, programs, games (unlike the other streaming services), music for Prime members. The options available to kids (from toddlers to grade schoolers), are incredible and include both games and videos. It allows you to keep a personal "Watchlist" for those things that are you faves or that you want to come back to at a later date. There's so much available with this that I can't say enough about it. It also has all the subscription services that you can test with the free trials that they offer: Sling, Hulu, HBO, Starz, and much, much more. That way, if you're really looking to cut the cable, you get a great feel as to what's out there and how much it will cost should you pick a paid service. Even if you just stick with what Amazon offers freely (and they add things all the time) you still would only be paying for the Fire TV and nothing more. Definitely a win/win for those who are fed up with being gouged over and over by digital services. With this, all you'll need is wifi, and a TV with HDMI ports....and you'll be good to go.
It's a great for reading books but it's not that great when it comes to everything else.
Very helpful product that is fun to use and easy to use
Picture quality isn't the best compared to pricer tablets, this tablet is great for only $40. If you watch a lot of vids, I suggest getting the HD version as the picture/audio is better
I used to use iPad as a reader, but my eye got tired easily. Kindle just like the book, and the battery can last longer.
It's a great screen and extremely lightweight to hold. Perfect!
My previous generation Kindle Paperwhite got scratched a little on the screen, so I debated about picking up a new Kindle, but it was worth the $120. The 7th generation Paperwhite has twice the memory, runs a bit faster so it's noticeably quicker in response--making highlighting and annotating easier, and the uneven screen lighting problem (the older Kindle had "shadow" spots on the bottom edge of the screen) has been solved.My only complaint is that Amazon continues to put ads on the Kindle, which you have to pay $20 to get rid of. It's almost necessary because I use the Kindle to view books in church. Very inappropriate when the ad for a murder, crime, or romance novel pops up as a screensaver.
I bought two of these as gifts for Christmas. One for my mom and one for a 9 yr. old. I'm a tech geek so I think these are great to introduce to and older parent or small kid just because of the price alone (Not for us tech guru's). I got them on black Friday for $34.99. Great e reader and awesome for games like candy crush. Only downside is the 8gb but for $34.99 that's not even an issue!
bought it for my niece and she loved it she was super happy
I love my Kindle eReader Paperwhite. I finally had to charge it almost 4 weeks after I got it and first charged. I love how long the battery lasts. I have no problem seeing screen and reading when outside in the sun. Only thing I wish it also had was an option to listen to audio on it if I wanted to. The size of the Paperwhite is perfect and the weight is minimal.
Didn't really do it for me. Being an ipad user, this unit was really foreign. If you are familiar with Amazon Fire products, it will be great for you.
Got this Fire tablet for my youngest daughter for Christmas and she loves it. I also love the option to restrict apps and content for her age!
This is my 3rd Kindle e-reader and it's the best yet. Text is clear and device is light. Considered the newer Voyage and Oasis but I believe this is a better deal. It was worth the upgrade from the prior Paperwhite.
I love this more than my Apple TV. It works well with plex and its all I need.
I've been contemplating on expanding into a smart home for quite some time, and getting the Echo was a great first step. I hope to get pretty good at it's functions. It's easy to use, recognizes my voice very well and pretty much does what I ask.
This is the latest kindle model and is just awesome. Highly recommended
Now she can read in bed and not bother me!! She loves this thing for her books. We have tablets and everything else but this is great for just reading.
I enjoy using the tablet. I use it when I am biking.
I bought this to use outside by the pool. Perfect.
I was hesitate to buy it since it was too cheap to be true. however, it is better than my $49 dollar Chinese table that I bought to my kid.
Word has it that relationships are interrupted by electronic devices. Well my girl takes her reader everywhere we go. She used to tell me I talk to much. Now I can hardly get a word in edgewise!
Awesome tablet! Love using it to read and surf the web.
Purchased this for my daughter to do more reading. It has so much more options for her if she wants.
Great for updating your news and weather every morning, playing music on demand and reminding you what you need to do.
This is the second one I have Purchased. I purchased the 16 MB version for less than 50.00. As long as you understand it is an Amazon product it a darn good Tablet for the money
At first she was being stubborn and wasn't giving me my answers but after reading how to ask she has been fine. will always try to get you to buy into Amazon Music and such but I just say no.
I have no idea why I did not buy this any sooner! Works awesome!
Transitioning from paper to e-reader has been difficult for this book lover. I had to do it because my briefcase and arms could only carry so much. the quality and the ease of reading what you want, when you want, makes this the only book that I need.
very easy to work the only thing i dont like the cord does not plug in good its like it not the cord for it
Works
Love the Echo. East set up. Lots of fun. Can't wait to get more smart devices to get to work with it.
Love the amount of apps on this thing. Love that I can watch anything with Bluetooth headset while I'm cleaning. I love the speak to commend. However, I wish you can request more than one route for traffic reports. My husband and I travel to different locations everyday.
Amazon Fire TV is good overall, needs little more options like casting from phone and laptop and need to improve little bug in software to get better interaction and performance.
Great table for a gift, easy to use, a lot of aplication, I will recommend
Only 4 stars because I found it very confusing at first. I had a Kindle before found it very easy to find what I needed to do. The user guide didn't really answer my questions, but I persisted am getting used to it. I really love the backlit screen no buttons to push to change pages. At first I wasn't sure about the smaller screen, but didn't take long to get over that. I'm sure I'm just a creature of habit not very techy. All in all, the Kindle Paperwhite is great.
This a great product for everyone. I would recommend it
What i love about this is that there is no buffering, no commercials and it runs smoothly. Very user friendly and fun to use.
Nice size and easy to use and handy to take along with you.
My first peice of smart home eqiptment. Love it!!!
Bought this for my wife for Christmas. Fun gadget.
Mother needed something since her tablet had died. Was lot easier for her to learn than her old table. She does lots more with Kindle than she did with tablet
Good product..............................................................................................................
Purchased for Christmas for my grandkids. The perfect gift to keep them off my phone using my data.
This product should get product of the year award it is the most amazing piece of technology I have purchased this year it can control your schedule play music from Pandora and I heart radio controlled the lights in my home turned the TV on and off with voice commands so far I haven't seen anything else quite like this it's absolutely amazing.
This Amazon Fire TV Box is perfect for Kodi and is really fast
I use it primarily for movies. The audio is low while using ear buds. Othere wise a very nice tablet for the money.
I bought this for my mother for Mother's Day. She absolutely loves it. She uses it everyday. Best thing I ever bought for her.
I like to hear the news flash plus my tunes. The kids have fun with it too
This was my first kindle purchase and I'm glad I waited. The battery life is awesome rarely do I have to charge it. It's also really easy to purchase more books. Also the white pages are easy on the eyes whether it's night or daytime.
Great gift for my dad. Clear picture and easy set up
Keep finding more this to do with it - music is great and I like the shopping list.
No surprise here!! Works quite well!!
Does not pick up WiFi very well; apps take longer to download...However regular software apps work great!
This is actually a gift I bought my sister for her big ?? Birthday! I received my echo as a birthday gift from a friend and let me tell you... I LOVE IT!!!It is so sleek and loud and crystal clear! I love waking up and asking Alexa to tell me the weather forecast and news updates. The music sounds awesome too! But let me tell you the "magic" of this echo... I had to go to Italy for a family thing and my hubby couldn't take the time off of work so I went without him (sad face)The best way for me to show him how much I missed him was to wake him up with our favorite song! That's right folks I would wake my husband up from 1000's of miles away with a touch of a button on my cell phone!!He sent me a text "is that you?" Wow!!! I couldn't believe it.So enough said just go out and buy one!!
After dropping by the local store several times and finding they were out of stock, I found one on the shelf!Great product, easy set-up and works great. KODI installed without any issues.
I bought this for my 5 yr old granddaughter. She loves it. It has many games and other games can be downloaded. She is also able to watch videos and mom can set parental controls to limit time and usage.
Work perfectly for as a small tablet for checking Facebook and playting games. The screen is so much larger than the phone for easier viewing. It's nice that it can take pictures, but the quality is not up to most phones.
Good for reading in low light situations. It is also very easy to hold due to its size.
This is a great stab at voice control. Speaker is not top notch
Nice for my hubby, he can watch Netflix and use it for the shows he watches.
The Amazon Fire 7" tablet is a good value for the money. You can do all the things you would do with most other tablets. It is pretty simple to use. You can take photos, play games, access email, Facebook, etc.
Was such a hit had to buy my niece one as well but we're sold out everywhere after Christmas
Amazon Fire HD8 is great for browsing and reading. GPS system not that great though.
good for beginners play games ,take picture and recording videos old the time
love the battery life, the ability to read in sunlight
Very satisfied with this product. For months, I have been using both my phone and laptop for reading books, not too bad, but the battery consumption is a deal-breaker (on phone and laptop).With this reader, you get weeks of battery life, and the display... It looks just like a page from a book. Very easy on the eyes! I have about 300 pdf books on my Paperwhite. Also, pick up the paperwhite case, very nice to keep your device protected.
I recently cut cable. This device has all of the apps I want to stream. It has a fast processor and the voice remote works great.
I love that there's no glare in sunlight and I can adjust the light on my paperwhite so that I can read in bed while my husband is sleeping. I thought I'd never switch from regular books, but I enjoy my kindle so much that I no longer purchase the paper copies.
Sweet tablet yo, does good work for my grandma and super easy
I have an Amazon Echo and an Amazon Dot. Love the functionality. Decent sound for what they are. I just wanted something portable for outside.
Can't wait to make a clean break from cable company.
Does everything we need. Light and portable. Bought 3 and no complaints.
Its a great worth of the money spent on it. Good for reading
Offers a lot of bang for your buck. Just started using a month ago and love it.
I really enjoy my amazon. It is getting easyer to use and I am finding new apps every day.
It is faster than amazon fire tv 1st. it was so easy to connect and work! Plus I have the 4k TV and it's a 4k system. You can watch some tvs, movies and some 4k contents for free if you are a amazon prime member, $99 plus tax for a year.
Bought this on sale during Black Friday. Disappointed that there aren't more apps available. Will be returning.
This was a excellent gift for the family, A good choice.
a great price and lots of free games my grandson loves a wonderful pass time with all in one books and games and info
Awesome! My cousin had one and I loved it So much that I bought one for my husband and sister. Good features and easy to use
I wanted a low cost but quality tablet and this one is a dream! Easy to navigate and excellent graphics.
I love all the apps on fire tv. The only negative is, it doesn't come with a hdmi cord.
Set up without a hitch. Downloaded MLB app and that works perfectly, and is the main reason I got this. Netflix also very usable on this device.
Alexa is awesome but the only thing is that it doesn't understand spanish.
Always wanted to read more and I am with Kindle Voyage. This version rocks all previous versions. The side lit screen, smooth resolution, ultra lightweight in hand feel, and more make this the kindle that's perfect to me.
The tablet was on a great deal for black friday. I purchased it just for reading books and lightly going online. I am not expecting amazing power from something so cheap, I dig it for what it can do and not for what I think it should do.
All I can say, as soon as I opened this tablet it never ever turned on, I was so upset as I've followed the troubleshooting steps from other users online and still it never worked, I fully charged the tablet and tried again and still it never turned on. I had a very hard time at the best buy returning this item; had to spend an hour and explained the situation to them; they never believed me this item came to be defective; after storming out and after a while; they have decided to accept the return and gave me credit for it.I would never buy an Amazon product ever again. piece of junk, bad quality product.Thanks,
Great tablet everything i wanted in a tablet thanks
This Fire tablet is great -- does all I want it to Only down side, the battery only lasts a few hours and has to be recharged often. I like to read -- sometimes, while reading, have to stop and recharge. Otherwise, I love it!!
Bought this for wife but it has turned out to be a lot of fun for the household with all the features.
I have a few smart gadgets (switches, cameras, firetv, locks, etc.) and it is super convenient to control them from your couch. My 2 year toddler loves playing his favorite rhymes (or he tries to :) ) . I love Alexa.
This is my second one because my first froze up and stopped working.
A great alternative to the more expensive iPad. I prefer my paper white for reading but this is great for everything else.
I purchased the item because I was cancelling Direct TV. I ended up going back to Direct TV but still use this device to easily access my Netflix and other channel apps.
I use it for downloading and reading books. It is the perfect size for this purpose. It is also very light.
I have been reading on a paperwhite for a few years now. When it got damaged I just went right out and bought another. It's light, easy to see without my reading glasses, since I can change the font, and it's great for reading outside, even in full sun. It's worth every penny.
I got this on a flash sale in at the moment and it was a great purchase. I didn't plan on getting one that day but I did and for $50 which I got it before it was totally worth it. I got a really nice blue colored Amazon tablet and I am happy with that. I can read books on it and use it when someone else is using one of the more expensive tablet I just want to relax and read a book. It is also great for surfing Internet you can play games on it as well. It is great for kids because it is sturdy even without a case it has still held up nicely .
This is great for kids and adult. A great product for gaming reading and more..
We bought this for our youngest 2 now our oldest 2 wants one! What's great is the price and you can expand it from 8gb up to 128gb I believe!
Bought for my kids and they love it! Amazon on top again
I love having a Kindle. There is no glare and your eyes are not tired after reading for a long time. My only thing is that Selecting and highlighting on the touch screen could be more smoother.
We're having fun playing with that but sometimes it doesn't answer the questions that you ask it which is a little confusing for us
Awesome little tablet for the price. Not an iPad but fine for just watching Netflix and other small tasks while on the go.
This is a very affordable tablet for the kiddos! We bought the Amazon foam cover and it seems very protected in it.
My great granddaughter loves it. Easy to use and it holds the charge well.
Purchased for dorm room gift. This compact cylinder packs a lot into one unit. Alexa is our go to resource. Alexa will be your trusted companion. So happy I purchased Amazon Echo.
Highly recommend. Easy to set up and Alexa is so much fun to use. Love her daily jokes and love to ask her to play any music. We bought a second one so that we don't have to keep moving her throughout the house.
Alexa is for me an amazing product that gives you facts, plays your music, can read to you and do lots more. My family loves this new electronic assistant.
Echo is a great product on its own, but even better when integrated with home control like Wink. Voice control of lights is the way of the future!
This fit my criteria of a low cost tablet that works well
My kids love these Tablets .. They work well . They seem to work great. From what I've seen the battery lasts a long time .They are expandable up to 128gb possibly more sd card. The price was rite to. my sons dropped his a couple times and it still works...All and All I would rate it 5 of 5 we are very happy.. I strongly suggest these tablets . my kids have broken way more expensive tablets .I bought my nephews kindles years ago they still use them .
Purchase this tablet during the Christmas holidays on sale. Got as a gift for my job's Christmas gift party. The person who got it was very happy with it. I am familiar with the tablet because I bought one for my wife when they first came out for her to use to read her books.
I bought the echo after reading about it and we love it. It was very easy to set up with our wireless network and everyone one in the house uses it to learn all types of information along with listening to songs.
This doesn't power anything. I got this for my dad for Christmas and we just thought his Kindle was bad..nope..tried it on other things and it won't charge anything...I want my money back or a replace meant...maybe this unit is just bad! But 20 bucks down the drain!
Great product rooted with custom ROM. Slim ROM on XDA.
I've been using a Kindle almost exclusively and decided to give this one as a Birthday present. Very excited recipient!
I love my Echo. I also got a couple of Echo dots to go with it. I have one in almost every room. It is a great wireless speaker, it is a great home automation system. I think Amazon is far ahead of the others this time.I am using my Echo to listen to music, news, get traffic reports, get weather reports, check my calendar, set alarms, timers. I use Alexa to control my smart lights, smart blinds, alarm system, smart thermostats,... I can control almost all my smart devices using Echo and Alexa. I think one area of improvement would be to have Echo/Alexa to act on triggers that connected smart devices generate.
I wish it were a little bit bigger but it's just right for what I need. It's light weight and compact. Very easy to use and priced very reasonably!
I don't know much about tablets but the sales associate recommended this one for me. It does what I need and more but I just don't know how to use it yet.
Bought this for my son's birthday and he absolutely loves it. Great price as well.
best of the best easy to set_upworks awesomeno problems
I have been using Amazon Fire products for almost a year when they first came out, and the 2nd generation Fire TV box is much faster! It is easy to use, and I can access all my favorite streaming video apps - and Amazon Prime services are great! There is so much content available with this device.Now adding Alexa integrates with the Alexa app on my phone. I can see my shopping list, which comes in handy.
I was pretty hesitant at first when looking to purchase a Kindle. There is just something about having a physical book in your hands while reading and seeing the progress in how far you've gotten into the book. Being a person who is always reading on the go, at work, and in the dark at home when others are sleeping, the Kindle has been awesome.
I love my new toy. Setup was quick and easy. It plays all my music and my stations I have setup on Pandora. Only negative is that if you ask question about simple things you are mostly likely get a response that not helpful but that what googles for, but It does tell you the weather and what deals they have. All in all I love it.
Great Device. We use it in the kids room where we don't have a Sonos Speaker. I works well and my 3 yo is able to command and receive a response. The sound is ok for playing her lullabies and kid songs as well. When getting her dressed, I can find out about the weather and my commute without missing a beat. I have the remote also. It allows me to use the baby monitor and turn off the lights in her room from afar. Wonderful and is very entertaining! More Apps please amazon.
I could plug into an Ethernet outlet for faster speeds than wireless. It works great
For $50 you are getting a quality device that is perfect for web browsing and media streaming.
I find the Echo to be an amazing speaker enabled by saying "Alexa" to access all kinds of information and receive answers to many, many questions. It is constantly being upgraded with new capabilities and abilities.
Our granddaughter wanted a tablet for Christmas so we got her one of these. My sister and sister-in-law have one and love it
Great price! Kids love it. Lots of space for apps!
Very convenient
Much better than reading on my iPad, especially outdoors and at night. Portable size, great battery life, and must have for any serious reader
My 4 year old loves it. Easy to function and pretty tough, it has been dropped a few times and did not crack or break.
This product works great and it was a present that she seemed to love.
Love the tablets,they are a good deal for the money. My grandson loves it.
Great apps, excellent price, my kids really enjoy it
When I purchased the Tap I thought it was a portable speaker for the echo. It's actually it's own device. Yes, it's portable, can operate wireless.It does work with the same "alexa" set up. The Echo operates with no handsyou can simply speak to Alexa. The tap has a microphone button you need to hold down to speak to Alexa. Great sound quality. Rechargeable base unit.
Never thought I would enjoy reading again because reading a boundbook made my eyes to tired to finish one. With the Voyage, I don't get that feeling.
I purchased the Amazon Fire 7" Tablet for 49.99 and I have to admit for it being my first tablet, it works great and I have no complaints so far.
I love all of the different apps that are available. I have a 12mpb internet speed and have not had any issues.
This is a nice ereader. It is hard to activate without WiFi access, but ebooks can be loaded through USB connection.
Fire TV is faster than the Fire stick. If you can afford the difference it is worth it.
Sales guy didn't have much knowledge about the Kindle. He wasn't very helpful in getting me started.
Tablet works wells for easy reading. It is also very lightweight.
No buffer issues and fast. Comes loaded with apps. Basically plug in and use.
I got this for my 3 years old girl and she loves it. Very fast she was able to figure out the games and how to work with it. I have some concern like the port for charger is so bad and easy to break knowing kids are using it. Battery life is short and dosent last but anything else seems to be ok.
Has everything you need... Movies, Tv, apps and game's in a nice interface
It's small and fairly open platform with wide array of third party services
Let's be honest, I didn't think I would be really satisfied with a $50 tablet. But I thought this would be good enough for web browsing, email and the occasional YouTube or Netflix video so I bought it. This tablet has exceeded all of my expectations. This Kindle Fire is better than the one I paid $200 for a couple of years ago (and comparable performance to my iPad3). It is more responsive and has an expandable microSD slot for more memory. The only detractors are the weak speaker, the cameras (only adequate for Skype, not for taking pictures, and the placement of the volume buttons (on top...would have preferred side buttons like almost every other smart device). However, I liked this so much that I'm going to get another one for my teenage daughter!
I had this kind of tablet before. I like it therefore I I purchased it again. I do recommend this tablet.
Way better than my older Roku! Unit doesn't freeze like my older Roku, very very satisfied!!
While comparing to other competitive products the Echo appeared to be the best. Purchased as a gift for a family memeber.
we bought this amazon tablet because my 3 year received one as a gift for her aunt. My 2 year was using an iPad but kept dropping it. This is great because it's small enough for him to hold and if you buy the case it's completely protected. The only issue we seem to have is that the power cord is really loose when you plug it in to charge so sometimes it does not get charged. That is the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars.
My Kindle is a great addition to my Kindle'family' . I now have two that I use and enjoy.
My family and I really enjoy this product! It is extremely easy to use and can do a lot of different things. We've created reminders and Alexa will even tell you jokes! I highly recommend this product to everyone.
I bought a sony vue/PlayStation vue product to now watch cable tv. I found the channel guide to load a little slow when using the fire stick. that got me to invest in the faster processor and buy an amazon TV. I use the main TV that use and use the less expensive fire sticks for my other 2 TV's.
My 4 year old daughter loves her fire for kids. Keeps her very entertained at all times
Awesome device! Turns your tv into a smart tv. Really no need for cable anymore.
This makes a great light weight tablet for kids. Durable and very good for setting up restrictions and time limits for kids too
This tablet does all I need a tablet to do. Reason why it's my 3rd one.
After purchasing for myself and mother in the past, I felt it was reliable and friendly enough for my 11 year old. Easy to set up and has parental controls. She loves to use it for reading and games. It's fabulous and the price was excellent and my main deciding factor. You just can't beat $49.99. Thanks Best Buy.
Good for streaming content, but lacks apps found on other devices
I bought this as a gift for my moms birthday and she loves it. The screen size is just right and it really fast for the games she plays.
I love the Fire TV because I can stream all NFL games with the Kodi app and all of my Prime shows.
It has good graphics quality and it is easy to use. Only complaint is when using the built in keyboard it doesn't always register they right keys.
This is a great tablet, lite, portable, exceptionally fast and plenty of space for everyday internet browsing and/or YouTube watching.
Ok, so I will not say its perfect but it is really close, I bought it for my wife to have endless music... Yes its great.... But then I connected it to my home automation and I will say it really nice not to have to get up to turn on or off light in a room again...Constant updates keep me interested.
the fire box is an Amazon best seller for a reason: it's good
I love my Kindle Fire 7. It's the perfect size cause it fits in my purse for easy travel. I take it with me just about everywhere I go. It's easy to read and use.
It is cool and works well, however I find it sort of stupid that you have to activate each specific skill that you want to use before it will register what your asking.
Everything you want in a tablet. Size is good, price is great.
Great tablet for an older person. I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my aunt. She loves the simplicity it offers.
Not the best case Amazon has ever put out! I have a number of other Amazon brand Kindle and Kindle Fire cases for my various Kindle devices and this is the least effective of the bunch. It doesn't stand in any position, so I can't use my 6 hands free. It also doesn't line up properly when closed, so the Fire seems to come out of sleep mode, thus draining the battery more quickly. And finally, I have discovered that I do prefer the leather covers over whatever material this is made from. I understand that the cost of a leather case would probably be half the cost of the Kindle Fire HD 6...not that this case was any bargain at 30!!
I went back and forth about what kind of tablet to purchase for my child. I am very impressed with the ability for things to be simple for her to navigate as well as being able to place perimeters on how long she can use the apps, Internet, and watch videos as well as how much reading time she has to have.
Played with a little but it's a Christmas gift. No problems with so far
Bought it for myself and then bought two more for my kids. They approved it :)
Great media box and you can do so much with it. Really fast and has 4K!
They were using them on Christmas morning!! It didn't take them long too be getting the best from those tablets
Provides television options without the cost of cable. Easy to setup and use.
If you are buying it is a great price. To buy for you kids . They should come with a case for same price.
Simple device, quick start up, but because of the UI it makes it a little hard to navigate.
All the important Apps are loaded on this HDMI device. I can even side-load other Apps and Games that are not already installed on it. Nice BASIC slim remote control that's not loaded with a lot of control buttons. Easy to operate. The remote is also voice activated (I use this feature for checking weather). I use this device for watching Live TV from PlayStation Vue (much cheaper than cable or satellite TV). I like the Fire TV box much better than the Fire TV stick....it's more stable and stronger (has quad core processor, the stick is dual core). If you have strong wifi the stick maybe okay, I kept experiencing buffering issues with the stick. The Fire TV box has an Ethernet port, mini SD slot, and USB port (the stick doesn't). You will need to setup an Amazon account to use the device, but you don't have to put credit card information on it if you don't want to. I didn't give it 5 stars because it is extremely difficult to put batteries in the remote control - VERY difficult to open it. Despite that, IMO, it's worth the extra cost.
Got this for my wife and she loves it, it's small but runs great
The fire stick makes great gifts for family and friends and especially college students.
It is a good tablet for kids wish it would be a little better with games
My kids love them. Able to do so many things with it!
Beautiful picture. Enjoying different apps and looking forward to hours of fun.
I opted for the Echo over the Dot because of the promise of a better sounding speaker, and because I planned to add Dots to my environment later to create a system of assistants. The speaker sound is not great, but it's not the worst I've heard. I've also recently discovered how to alter the bass and treble volume to tailor the sound a bit. The Echo was easy to set up, and is really easy to use. I especially like the ability to create a shopping list (although I wish I could create more than one list without adding apps), and to easily integrate my Google Calendar. I'm currently exploring other features and "skills" for the system, some of which are very entertaining and useful. One disappointment is the limitation of the near-field voice recognition range. Alexa may be always listening, but her ears don't seem to be very good. If I'm more than 15-20 feet or one room away (with not walls between us) she usually doesn't pick up my commands.That not withstanding, she recognizes commands very well, and is very pleasant to interact with.Another issue I discovered is that in order for the echo to access your Spotify music service at all, you have to subscribe to the premium version. I can understand that, given the current propensity for most online services to find ways to require you to subscribe to their premium services in order to really enjoy them. However, with Amazon Music you can access the free version and their premium Amazon Prime version.In the area of smart home capability, I purchased a Philips Hue starter kit with a hub and a couple of smart lights, and was able to get them set up in the app very easily. Alexa does a great job of controlling them for us, but I am disappointed that the only place I can find additional bulbs seems to be online where I have to pay for shipping in addition to tax. Apparently the retailers (Best Buy, Walmart, Home Depot, etc.) haven't seen enough of a demand for them to justify restocking them after their initial quantities were exhausted. I'll be adding other devices as time progresses, and expect to be pleased with the results.
It isn't blazing fast....but fine for streaming music to a Bluetooth device. Hey....for $39 at BB I'm not complaining. Amazon appstore somewhat limited, but you can download android .apk apps (like Firefox, Opera Browser,etc) that work fine. Silk browser can be speeded up a bit with settings adjustments. Buy a class 10 micro-sd card (they're soo cheap now) because you only get 8GB onboard and will get used up real fast. Wireless not dual band so forget 5G, but does have decent range. People say screen resolution not fantastic, but I've watched many a network show with TW Cable app and HD is pretty decent.
Purchased for my 9 yr old nephew. Such a great price, he only wants to play games on it. His brother broke his original tablet, so this repaved it. He's happy! I also bought me one!
The one purchased at Best Buy had black and gray lines appearing across the screen when powering up. It got worse, to occurring while using it. Amazon was contacted via Chat and determined something was wrong, and exchanged it. The replacement from Amazon is working, so for this I will mark, "Yes" to recommend it.
This is the first time that I've used a Kindle tablet. I've used Android and Apple devices before, and this is a different beast. People that are used to an Android experience, will not be thrilled with this device. Even though it looks like Android, the Play Store is not available and not all of the basic apps are included in the Kindle Store. If I had to do it all over again I'd spend an extra $50 or $60 and get an actual Android tablet.
This is a great tablet - especially for the price. We bought 10 of them and gave them for Christmas gifts for family members
This is a great device that Amazon came out with it will tell you the weather do music for you stock reports you name it
We're an unplugged family - multiple devices (Kindles, iPads, Roku, etc.) - so we're pretty familiar with this sort of tech. Fire TV works okay, but the remote has started giving me problems and we've only had the product for about 6 months. Our Roku 3, which we've had for over a year, is much smoother and hasn't given us any problems. We also use a Chromecast, which also seems to be less quirky than the FireTV. I have a PS3 in the same room as the FireTV and I find myself going to the PS3 when the FireTV starts to annoy. Unless you're looking for a device that can also run Kodi, I'd strongly recommend the Roku 3 over the FireTV.
Expectations exceeded on this. Works great. Very happy with it.
I think this is the best purchase I've made all year. Nothing better to say
I bought this second Kindle for the larger storage space and love all the extra stuff I can do now.
I paid $29 for the Kindle ($49 - $20 in reward cash were applied) At $49 the Kindle Fire is a steal. The 7inch display makes the 1024x600 resolution appear crispy like any HD. The educational game I purchased is fun and noticeably working. The parental controls are solid and his profile includes a safety browser with pre bookmarks added to Disney TV shows and his favorite Thomas & Friends. You can add in the kids Netflix setup and share content easily between our profiles.
The Amazon Fire TV was an excellent purchase. I do not regret canceling cable TV. Streaming Hulu, Showtime, Netflix when I want. You can't beat it.
Like having a charger specific for the kindle since only the cable comes with the kindle.
Got these for our kids when we go on vacation. Easy for them to use.
This paperwhite is just the right size as many paperbacks, but thinner. Can read in any light. Works as advertised!
My son loves this. We've had two other tablets, both cost about the same as this. The others were pretty unusable. This table is fantastic, definitely great value for the money.
No complaints. I just wish it played .avi, but that is not really a huge problem
I have never owned a Kindle and was using the Kindle ap for iPad for the last several years. This little device is remarkable. The page is crisp and clear, the navigation is so easy. Purchases are simple and straight forward. I love it!
I wanted a cheap e-reader that I could use also as an Android tablet if I wanted to. This fitted the bill, especially as a daily deal. It does what I wanted it to and at a very good price.
I absolutely love this tablet,and with a price you can't beat!
I purchased two of these tablets, one for my niece, one for my nephew, as they are often fighting over the tablet. It is a great platform, with awesome apps, and comes equipped with a very sturdy and rugged case. Five stars. Worth every penny.
This is just the right size for someone who doesn't want to always use their phone while on the go. Must have wifi but that's not a problem. The response to the touch isn't bad at all. It isn't an iPad but it does the job fo rmusic, books, youtube, facebook and other small applications.
I bought the item for my goddaughter and she loves. Easy to use and durable. Reasonable price and great features
I thing is cool too can listen to radio get news from CNN FOX but if you don't have Amazon Prime it is dumb as a brick.
This is much better than an iPad or Android tablet for reading. Can't go wrong!
This is my third Kindle and I have loved them all. I still have my first Kindle and use it. I just wore my Kindle Fire out with 5 + years use. I am very happy with everything my new one can do. No disappointments at all.
Wife loves it. She said it opens much faster and likes auto updates for apps.
The Amazon - Fire Kids Edition is a great device for kids and parents to entertain kids during long or short trips
If your looking for a great tablet without the high price this is the tablet for you...
I love my Kindle!! I have gotten so spoiled that if I can't get a book on my Kindle, I don't read it.
This is a wonderful device. I love the extra capabilities and apps.
I LOVE HOW IT PAYS NO PAUSE MOVIES AND AUDIO LOUD I WOULD MOST DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS FOR A FRIEND
Similar to the TV program Jeopardy, you need to ask Alexa the question in the proper manner.
I purchased this for my two granddaughters they are 4 and 3 they use it to watch videos while in the car and for travelling..
Simple and easy to navigate. Smooth screen with no buffering.
The product overall is great. I got it as a Christmas present for my mom and she loved it.The only problem I had was with ordering. I was unexpected put on backorder when a Best Buy employee had stated and showed me I would receive the product the Tuesday after Christmas. Fortunately, I found the product in another Best Buy store and canceled my back order of the product. Great product overall, but 4 stars from me because this was the first time Best Buy ever let me down like that so I hope it doesn't happen again.
We bought this for our 7 year old daughter and it is perfect!!
Great tablet/e-reader. You can do a lot on this bad boy!!
My son loves it stays on it all day wish the battery would last longer
I was especially glad it was so easy to get it connected and start using. Some of the limitations is how you ask Alexa a question, Sometimes you have to word the question different in order to get a useful response.
I was worried at first but it works great and only con is that u have to unplug it from the tv it does get super hot
I have 2 Echo dots and wanted to have a speaker with good sound quality. This is perfect.
I bought this 8" Amazon Fire HD for my Wife as a Christmas Present. Her old 7" Amazon Fire that she had for about 3-4 Years. She is very happy with the 8" Amazon Fire HD. Can't beat the price for a Tablet.
This device is great for bringing in content to your tv. This device has a wired Ethernet port, USB and a micro SD card slot.
Alexa helps me so much and it's not only in the kitchen she keep me entertained making my SmartThings all work together
Great for the kids. Everyone in my family has one.
gave this to my 4 year old grandson he loves it learned to dl his games and loves to play it
I like your this tablet. It's easy to use and gud camera.
Bought it for my niece and nephews as a beginner tablet and turned out pretty well. Value buy.
I am satisfied with my purchase, I really recommend this item
This is my second Paperwhite, great for reading outdoors.
This tablet is perfect for a parent who wants to monitor what their children are doing. As well as being able to control what their kids can and can not do on the internet.
I like the slick size and the whole voice remote. Now with Alexa you can even control your smart home devices. I upgraded from Fire Stick and the interface needs getting used to.... I like the stick lay out .
This is my first kindle. It works great for my use. Mostly reading, email, and Amazon shopping.
Just purchased to replace my regular firestick. The system runs faster, better processor. It can handle the games alot better then the firestick. The voice remote is a cool add on. If you dont play games i wouldnt really reccomend upgrading to the fire tv box, just get the firestick. Hdmi and router cable arent included. The wifi actually worked better then when it was plugged in. Not sure why. Good purchase..I would recomend this over the chromecast or apple tv anyday.
I love the voice response, it makes multitasking better! I could just say "Alexa, volume 10" it raises the volume all the way. The only bad thing is that it has to be connected to an outlet, so its not that portable and it is a bit heavy than expected. Other than that i love it
Easy setup. Fun to use. Very helpful. I bought this for my in laws and they love be it! Alexa helps keep up with doctors appt, grocery lists and other important things!
This is our second Kindle.Highly recommend pairing with Amazon Prime. Getting the Kids unlimited package.
You can keep watching your movie on the go if you have to leave the house.
This tablet exceeded my expectations. Strong processor, nice screen. Wish it had Bluetooth and was not so centered around Amazon prime.
My boys love their new tablets due to the cool features, books, apps and games. I love the parental controls, processor speed, battery life and light weight. Combined with a great discount at Best Buy and you get a win, win, WIN!
Think it will work out. Could be missing the larger storage of the 16gb which I bought for myself. Hard to say really.
This purchase was for my husband for Christmas and he loves it.
My kids love it. Battery life is longer than others.
Works well but much better when the tv is not on. Great apps
Great size fast . For the price you can't go wrong
Awesome gift for the price... Small enough tobe carried around everywhere..
Works great! Purchased as holiday gift for 80 year old grandmother.
Nothing but the best way to read books. Love the way it looks and the fact that I can read anywhere!
This table was use for watching YouTube and it's perfect with awesome stunning picture quality comparing to all other expensive ones. This is very affordable.
Much better than the echo dot. However, the fact that you have to touch the button to activate it instead of just talking to it is a bit annoying. Speaker is fairly powerful for its size.
I purchased this item for my 10 year old son and he loves it. He is able to download books and any kind of games that he likes.
Fast fun tablet with great speakers compared to previous fire tablet. Worth the money
Got one for my kids and they love it! It was super easy to set what apps they could have access to and stream prime shows. Not a huge fan of the Amazon app store compared to my android phone.
If u r an amazon customer the fire is a great tablet to shop on
My daughter is learning so much from the games on this device, my wife was glad I bought it.
The Kindle voyage is an improvement on the paper white. It is lightweight, compact, and easy to use.
We have an Echo in the kitchen and bedroom for listening to music and controlling our Hue bulbs. If you're going to do any music, definitely get this over the Dot. We have a Dot too but in the office where we already have speakers :)
My youngest son has the Kindle Kids but I got this for my 8 year old and he loves that he has more options.
Easy way to stream music and get weather and news updates.
Powerful tablet, perfect for the kids. Has everything they need all for under $50! Great buy
Nice easy to navigate and simple enough that my grandkids can learn. Also can set limits on use very important
Takes awhile learning the product. But once you do it works great
It is a nice little tablet for on the go or for kids. Wouldn't recommend using it for work
Good tablet for twin boys four yrs old. Don't have to worry about them dropping it too much. Easy set up.Would recommend.
I bought the fire tv to replace my rented cable box....Ditched traditional cable and am using fire tv with playstation vue app....picture quality is excellent, was paying almost $200/mo with traditional cable, now paying $40/mo for basically the same channels....
Does what's advertised! Great with 4K handling. Seems to handle streaming very well. Customize-able. Recommended if you're thinking of "cutting the cord".
I bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it.
I love my paperwhite. It is so much easier to read.
The product is easy for grandson to operate and navigate through and seems to be very durable
I am a teacher and was looking for an inexpensive way for my students play educational games. So far, they are working as I hoped.
The perfect e-reader quite simply. Does exactly what you need it to do.
I purchased this for my wife after she had seen one at a friends house. She loves it! It stays in the kitchen and she listens to music, sets cooking timers, gets weather reports and overall just enjoys it. It works flawlessly and is great entertainment for our grandson too! I would recommend this to anyone!
My son loves his tablet or at least that's what he calls it
This has a good stereo making it useful & convenient for anyone who listens to music
I'm hooked. This Kindle makes reading a dream. I always thought I'd miss having the actual copy of the book with me, but the Kindle is so convenient and I'm reading more than I have in years.
I have an Amazon Echo and the Amazon Tap works wonderfully with Echo. The sound quality is great. It is easy to use and set up. It beats turning on the receiver for music. If you are looking for great and easy sound machine the Tap is it.
I'm just beginning to learn all the things one can do with this. So far it's great for general info, cooking, timer, games, music, weather, news, jokes...will be checking out accessories next......a household must have!
I would encourage everyone to get this product to save on the cost of cable/satellite. A must have!
I had an older kindle, and some of the features were easier to understand. But I do like that I can keep track of the book pages, if I choose to use that feature in the paperwhite edition.
This is an easy to use, inexspensivd tablet for kids. Great for basic tasks and games.
Not to much to complain about. for less than 100 dollars you get an 8in tablet that has pretty good specs; expandable storage, long battery life, great speakers, fast processor, decent cameras and hi def screen. easy to use and well built tablet....The only knock is the included adds but, after using it for awhile you barely notice it.
small and looks good on end table, good sound, wireless is great
Bought this for someone as a gift and htey love it.
This is a good tablet for children and adults too. However there is an issue with the port and charger cable. We did not even have this tablet 3 weeks before it would barley charge. Took it back to best buy and they said they could not fox it, and imagine the port is not covered under the manufacturer warranty. So now I have a tablet that takes a couple days to charge. Its really frustrating.
I bought this for my Mom for Christmas, she is not tech savvy and she loves it and is able to slowly figure it out.
Was looking for something different but see such a good deal
My daughter will be able to use that tablet for prime video .
Easy to use. Awesome price. Best Buy had in stock when amazon didn't. Recommend.
I would recommend it. It is fun to use and puts out good sound.
For under fifty dollars this little , durable , expandable tablet can't be beat!!!
Crazy price for tablet. Was a great christmas gift.
I have bought many of this during chrismas time and its a good tablet for a ages,
we get what we paid for but at $49 this machine is much better than any of the cheap tabs that are in market. the screen resolution and the performance is pretty decent for this grade of tablet.
I have all bought all three of my girls Kindles and they have all been happy.
For adults or children, the Amazon "fire" tablet is impeccable. It has pertness control for parents with young children. If you have a Amazon account, it syncs right to it. Overall, flawless.
It was not expensive great for the price I'm happy
We bought the fire for my 85 yr old aunt. She loves it!! Easy to use
I love this device, not sure how I have survived for so long without it. This thing does it all. I would recommend this product for sure. The sound is great coming out of this device.
Great gift for any age. Wish I bought two. I can do everything on this that I was doing on my ipad
Works as expected without any glitches.Very happy with the purchase
I had heard of the Amazon fire stick through the Internet. I got to say I'm not disappointed at all with this purchase. It's a wonderful alternative to cable TV and it is saving me alot of money!
Nice tablet for children - Works well as a gift for the price
Great tablet for the price. Pretty fast, touchscreen.
I bought this for my 91 year old mother. She had a kindle, but there were too many buttons and she had difficulty using it. She still has difficulty using this kindle, but likes it much better. There is only one button to press.
Bought 2 of these as Christmas gifts. Does everything it needs to do.
Good Amazon product , good camera and amazing apps
Very easy and portable I take it everywhere with me
The screen is glare free and easy to read in any light. I love this Kindle
A very easy to use device. I don't need anything bigger. Just right for my needs. Price point is excellent.
Practical and economical ok to use, fast and good for everyday use
I bought this to replace a 3-year old Kindle Fire 7" HDX that I had just dropped on the floor. I sort of panicked, so after doing a couple of hours of research I picked this tablet. Just to be on the safe side I got 16 additional GB of memory. I installed a couple of games (none of them memory hogs) and a cookbook app, in addition to downloading a couple of books and dictionaries. I can honestly say this is the slowest tablet I've ever had. Just rotating the screen takes 7-10 seconds, and that's if there's only one app open. Opening a book or magazine can take half a minute, and God help you if you want to switch between a recipe and a magazine while you're cooking! Amazon is obviously more concerned about showing you constant special offers and apps than having satisfied customers. Since there are no other Fire tablets available for whatever reason (maybe they're being discontinued?) I'll be replacing it with either an iPad or a Galaxy tablet.
Purchased 2 of these to gift to my granddaughters, and they absolutely love them. It's just the right size for them to comfortable hold.
I had a non smart tv and this was easy to use and very efficient.
What a cool product and very easy to set up. We've used it a LOT so far and haven't even scratched the surface of everything it can do. Highly recommend!!
My kids love this little fire, they can watch whatever movies for number of times wi
I really enjoy having Alexa. To help with daily chores and keep us organized
It's a great table for kids and first time user of tables.
This is my second Kindle Reader. Purchased the first one in 2011, but it was stolen this past Spring. So I purchase this Kindle Paperwhite. It is great No glare outside and it is easy to adjust the print size.
Very easy to setup and use. Especially like having music played.
I bought it to help with cutting the cord. I use it mostly to access PlayStation vue service and it works great. If i were a amazon prime member i imagine it would be great to access the prime content. The fire box allows for direct wire to the modem and loads faster than the fire stick which is wifi only.
My wife enjoys this product. Really likes the grocery list feature.
Tablets have come a long way. This is much better than my piece of junk nextbook. For the 70-75 dollars, I bought this for it is great and stays on wifi much better than my old tablet. It is small enough to travel with and browses much faster online than what I used to use. The sound quality is not bad.... and I will also give a spoiler that neither style of apple earbuds will work with this. I have some cheap earbuds that will work with the fire.
Great tablet for all ages, easy to navigate, charges fast. Great resolution
For the price it can't be beat. That being said I had to return mine after a week. I just couldn't get over the low resolution screen. It works well for movies and the Web, but I needed it to also show off my photos to others.
Camera a little lower quality and cpu speed a little slower than fire HD but a good price
Great device! Fast response with remote control. Great voice recognition! Very reliable in terms of connectivity. Streaming 4k is a big plus. Overall great product.
Great sound and functionality. Minimal kinks in programming. Love it for my bedroom.
I bought for my wife as a stocking stuffer.... Got for a great price after black Friday. She absolutely loves it. I have the older version of this and this version is way better
For its price. Amongst the others I felt this was a deal
This fire tv loads content quicker and without hesitation compared to it predecessor. Love the micro sd slot to offload games to to save space
So far this has been a great product for us. We've been able to cancel our uverse and still watch al of our favorite shows.
The possibilities are endless with the Amazon Echo. I'm just getting started with the Echo, but I know that I'll be using this for a long time.
For the money this tablet has a great display and allows you to do pretty much the same that lots of other more expensive devices are capable of.
Everything you need to surf the web, watch videos and take care of business. . .all in the palm of your hand.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. Very easy to use.
Bought 3 of these for the family and it's been awesome.
Best Home Automation Assistant, Got It For $80 During One Day Sale. Will Recommend
It does every thing I need it to do for my son. It is very helpful when we are doing homework.
I would recommend you get thisome product It helps with a lot of questions me and the kids might have. Listen to Music Weather and News.. Love It!!!
got the new e-reader for my wife to replace her orginall 1 from bestbuy they no longer make. she said that she likes it much better it has a light in it. misses the key board
If looking to get an all in one box, this one works great!
We wanted something simple reader for our kids. My only complaint are the ads.
Great ereader. Light and easy to use. Only issue is a bit pricey.
I received this as a birthday gift and I love it. The auto-brightness is amazing, the battery life is incredible, and the page turning feature is very useful. My only complaints are that it doesn't completely turn off, because it displays ads instead of showing a blank screen, and that the sorting and navigation could be more organized. Other than those two things, which are a minors to a whole, this product is wonderful.
This is perfect for reading anywhere and being able to download books in a foreign country and having them at my fingertips. Being able to adjust the light and font size is very nice. This has been a convenient asset to my life.
I really like this Kindle. It has more features than the Kindle Fire 6. And the processor is a little bit faster as well. It is great for reading for the price and it is very economical as well.
I purchased as a gift for father in law and he loves it.
Lots of great features and voice recognition is great!
It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
It's a good device for your kindle books and magazines. Very slow if you want to stream videos though. Don't think it was made for that. For its price is a great buy.
I bought this echo when it was first released and I just couldn't swallow the cost. It's a cool speaker that allowed hands free operation but $100 was just too much money. Since then, the discounts have been much more meager but it's become so useful. I've smartened up my home and controlling my lights, entertainment system and security system has been amazing.
Great value. I don't have any issues with this tablet. Some others mentioned ebooks were difficult to read but I don't have that problem. The storage is tight so I added a 64GB card to it. I use it every day.
Fun for the kids to play with in their spare time.
I am very satisfied with it. It is exactly what I was looking for.
Great tablet for the price! Perfect for my son !!!
Wanted to connect to Google play store. Limited to Amazon.good for shopping.
Great price for the Amazon tablet. It is Def worth the money just don't like that you can't get real versions of the Google Apps
It works well, it's the same as using the firestick to me just cost more.
I would say more but I'm still learning to use it.
It does what is says it does on the box. In this day and age that is something to take note of.
Very user friendly. For the price best deal out there.
I had the Dot, but wanted more. The integrated speaker gives you the whole package. It really makes the portability happen.
Amazon already includes this cable with the Kindle Fire 7, the Kindle Fire HD 7 and the Kindle Fire HD 8.9. It's also great to purchase as a back up for the office or to take with you on the go. For the peace of mind knowing Amazon designed this to work specifically with Kindle Fire, it's worth the price.The quality of this cable compared to the previous white USB cable is much better. This cable has a thicker jacket on the outside so hopefully overtime it will hold up much better. Data transfer speeds between the computer and the device are relatively quick. This cable is actually a bit shorter than the white cable even though both are supposed to be 5 ft. in length. Measuring both cables, the black cable is approx 5 ft. and the white cable is approx 5 ft. 9in. Overall, even though it is shorter, this cable is starting off to be a much better improvement than the previous white version of this cable.
I love the snap on cover that charges the kindle. It is also very light.
I love, love my kindle fire magenta. the color is awesome this is a truly the best kindle fire I ever owned . the colors availablesare awesome .
Bought this as a gift for my senior citizen mother. She loves it!
Easy to use, the only problem appears to be with the remote control. Seems like it stops working at least once a week.
Bought for my 9 yr old. He loves it. Easy to use. Great product for the price. Love using it.
I like the fire, wish it was vudu and flixst enabled but good
I bought my Kindle about 2 months ago and the battery is already dead and will not charge
The Amazon Echo is a great product. The only problem I have is:if you connect it to your TV as a Bluetooth speaker, it will randomly stop all sound and will only resume if you say 'Alexa, pause' and then say 'Alexa, play'.
The Amazon Fire TV is a great choice. Voice operated system via remote with capabilities to download specific apps delegated to Fire, along with all the Android apps that are available on Google Play easily sideloaded. Sideloading is simple with the Apps 2 Fire app your phone sends your applications directly to the Fire TV wirelessly. As detailed this is an all around excellent Movie/TV/Music/Game System at the very least.
Love the Fire! Great for everything I need! Great screen and clear picture!
Good movies kids. RUNS FAST. EFFICIENT. COOL TABLET.
This does everything I would expect out of s tablet. Like it better than the Kindle.
I first bought the echo dot and loved it but the sound is lacking. I bought this for the living room and it sounds 100x better. It's not going to blow the windows out or anything but for what I use it for it is perfect. Alexa, you're awesome.
We love our Amazon Echo and Alexa. We are still new to it and are learning it's capabilities. But so far we absolutely live it. I'm thinking we will enjoy it even more as we take advantage of more features.
Read online and price compared to get a great deal
I first bought an Echo Dot during Prime Day and almost instantly regretted not getting the Echo. So when Best Buy had the Echo on sale at Prime Day price, I bought it.The Echo is very easy to set up. The speaker system on the Echo versus the Dot is amazing. Very rich sound and it carries well. I have it set up in my living room and when I have a playlist going, I can hear it clearly in my bedroom (at the other side of the house). I've got 2 Echo Dots as well and like the intercom feature--my dog isn't a fan. LOL:-)
Got this to replace the Samsung tab A 7". That Samsung tab lagged a lot but I haven't seemed to have as much problems on the fire tab, the only downside is that the battery dies fast.
The kindle paperwhits is great! It hold a charge for two weeks or more which is awesome. It's great to read in the sun and in darker areas or at night because of the backlit screen. Like how small and compact it is. Would def recommends getting one if you enjoy reading.
Very good voice recognition. Wireless operation would be better!
Still learning but I would like to purchase another one in the near future!!
this is a great product with several streaming options.
This device is easy to set up. Paired with wireless router, and loads video content quickly.
Love this, does exactly what they said it would and more,
this is my third or fourth one liked it so much got one for each of my grandchildren easy to use small enough for mom to carry in her purse or tuck away in the back seat pocket of the car and very durable
I have never had a problem with Kindle and would recommend them to anyone.
Me and my husband got this and the case for our niece and she loves it!
I purchased this tablet thinking it will fill a void when my previous tablet was stolen, and it has done much more than i expected for it has apps no play store has, and amazon keeps me posted on any updated apps available for download through my email. I could not have purchased a better device for the price.
The Fire is best used as a book reader, but having the ability to check mail, surf a bit, etc., is very nice. For the price, it can't be beat.
I "upgraded" from my Kindle Fire to the Paperwhite! I couldn't be happier with my decision.
This table is small enough for my purse, and handy enough for what i need.
The Paperwhite Kindle is awesome. Lightweight and easy to use. I can dim the backlight so that I don't disturb my husband when I read in bed at night.
Great for children, nonexpensive very durable easy to use
I love using this to stream movies instead of using my old PS3. Great picture quality and pretty fast.
This is our fifth kindle in the family. I bought this one for my son to replace a similar one that stopped functioning after a few months. So far this one is working well. But just in case, I bought a one year warranty in case it fails.
Decent performance but sometime do lag a bit, screen resolution is a bit low for someone coming from a Galaxy S6 and Note 7. But for $33 (got on a sale) you can't expect top end product. Installed Google Play Store without needing root, so I can share my normal adroid app even though this is running fire OS
Bought 2 for my kids great price well worth it. Works great on wi fi
Mostly use the Fire on the bus ride to/from work for You-tube/g-mail and Face-booking and it functions very well for thise uses and constanrly keeps up with the wi-fi when i switch buses Sometimes I have to reconnnet but mostly not ! I have to charge mine about once a week and usually give it a top-off of juice over the weekend. Battery life might be an issue if I ran mine more intensly but works for me. Does alot of stuff I've really only scratched the surface of what it can do.
my 2 year old daughter loves this tablet! I witnessed her drop it once (off the couch to laminate floor) nothing I can tell was affected. I was a little reluctant to buy this for such a young child, but with the way we seem to rely on technology these days, plus the cost, I just had to buy it. my favorite feature is the parental controls that allow me to set times ...not just times that it can be used but for certain content as well! I can set the tablet so when my older kids (10 and 8) log in, they need to complete educational tasks for an allotted amount of time before free play... and the whole thing logs out after a certain time so I don't have to go searching for it in their rooms at night :) great tablet, glad I got the bumper too, great price
I have a Fire tablet like this, so I knew my granddaughter would love it!
This stick is 100 times better than my Chromecast. Dont know how I had not discovered Fire Sticks versatile functionality before.
We bought this for my 6 year old. He loves it. Make to sure to buy an additional memory card, because it's memory is small, but for my 6 year old to play games and read books, it does it's job!
Gave this to my dad for his birthday. He loves it. Can play music, keep lists, set timers, and set up my buddy which is awesome. And it only gets better.
We are getting this as a christmas gift. I am so excited for out 7 year old to open it
this thing works great. it was simple to set up and has great sound. all of my Amazon prime music is available. we keep it downstairs where we watch tv so it is available. Now we need a "spot" for the kitchen. Set a timer, put items on the grocery list Etc.
This tablet operates wonderfully. The size is handy. The graphics vibrant.For the affordable price it is unbeatable :-)
Very nice size. Now only 50$. There's no Google play store so can't use Google Chrome cast to watch movies on tv. A tablet Without a Google play store is a disadvantage.
This device has amazing features and is much better than the Apple TV with a larger range of available apps. One most prominently is Sling TV, that is not supported by the iOS device. Also this version is much better than the Fire TV Stick due to memory and most importantly the ethernet connection. Definitely worth the extra amount over the Fire TV Stick.
I purchased the reader for my wife to replace her old reader. The old reader was the 1st edition. The paperwhite is amazing. It is much lighter and the page is much clearer. My wife is an avid reader and really loves her Kindle.
4K works great, instant connection. Content on fire TV (and stick) are always improving.
I love that even great quality product like this is available to masses who can actually afford them. The table does it job really good. And i'm happy with my purchase.
This is great for kids. Plays movies and games and is relatively inexpensive. The processor is not nearly as fast an iPad or iPhone but cost a fraction of the price and works great for kids.
I bought this to control devices in my home (i.e. Phillips Hue lights and Harmony logitech remote). It is a great tablet for the price and easy to use.
My wife and I love the echo. Music, facts, answers, all there for the asking.
very good "bookreader" long battery life and easy to download books and return to public library
Have basic kindle and operation of Paperwhite is much different, catching on as I use it. Nice unit.
We loved this purchase. would recommend to others.
Great tablet for the price! Highly Recommended! Comes with ads is the only downside
Set up was fast and easy so many uses for this product. I am very happy with this purchase.
Best Fire tablet for a small price. Works well for my first tablet. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good affordable tablet.
Stay away from the certified refurbished Amazon Fire TV. I received two Certified Refurbished defective fire TVs. The first the screen looked half corrupted, see the pictures. The second Certified Refurbished Amazon fire tv I received would not boot up, it was stuck in an infinite loop where I would only see the amazon logo for 10 seconds then it would boot up again.If anything, Amazon needs to re-visit its refurbishment process and quality control of the refurbished products they let get in consumer hands.Update 11/28/16: I purchased a new Fire TV during the BF sale and I have had no issues so far :).
Kids absolutely loved this gift for christmas!!!!!
I used a couple of the brands that are just priced under this product and well...you get what you pay for!  This tablet was much easier for my granddaughter to learn on. She can access her camera, pictures, videos, and games, much better than the "other brand".
This tablet exceeded my expectations I thought it would be just a cheap tablet but it does more than a Thaler I bought for 200 buck great smart buy
It's the faster modem I ever have now my computer not going down. Also I bought a amazonfire tv nice for the prize thanks.
I use to read books, watch movies, and get online.. it works great and easy to use.
I bought the Amazon Echo as a gift for my wife for Mother's Day and she's used it everyday since. My kids utilize the 'Simon Says' game and it also serves as a great music player.
Bought the kids edition, decided to buy one for myself. Great item for streaming movies and checking social media.
We love it.. so easy to install and use. Fun! Great sound. Perfect gift for anyone.
Great tablet for the basics. Mainly got this for reading. Not gonna use it for much else.
easy to set upgreat musicamazinggreat addition to the kitchen countertop
I purchased this to replace a 2nd generation Kindle for my wife. She wanted it because of the backlight. The item exceeded her expectations. Great battery life too. I took he old kindle but plan to buy me one of these in the future.
Best Birthday present I ever got... I have my lights set up using Alexa and thermostat.. Also use the shopping list everyday helps to remember when I am at the store shopping.. love playing millions of trivia games and all the information she gives all day.. also love the many new apps added almost ever day... I Love my Alexa I highly recommend it!!
The amazon echo is a combination fun, entertaining and helpful electronic product. Best Buy offered the echo at a great price and reasonable shipping rates. My next buy will be the mini version from the same store.
Amazon Echo is fun and is easily connected. Ask Alexa anything. This also plays games and gives you a weather report. Many talents. Just enable the different apps.
After using this tablet for a while, I have found that I even prefer this size over my iPad Air. Easy to carry around and long battery life make this my preferred device. The screen is just the perfect size for my older eyes, the screen on the 7" fire is just too small and cramped, and it seemed a lot less responsive. I highly recommend this sweet tablet.
We upgraded from an older paper white and couldn't be happier.
I bought this as a gift for my wife for college and she practically lives on it and even does her homework on it! She said that it saved her when her laptop died and needed to be able to complete her school work .... if she's happy I'm happy.
Got a great deal from Best Buy on Amazon Echo during a 1-day sales event. Use Echo as a countertop speaker more than anything else in our dining area/kitchen, and the sound clarity is amazing. Has turned into a great every day companion.
Great tablet. This is the third Amazon Fire I have purchased. Purchased this for my 4 year old. Got tired of sharing my tablet with her. She has tons of games and watches movies on her tablet. She also takes a lot of pictures. We decided not to get the childrens version as many reviewers stated the parental controls were annoying.
I love the Amazon Tap. The sound is great and it's completely portable. It lacks the convenience of touch free voice command but it cost less to compensate. Excellent product for the money!
Very useful and helpful techs at Best Buy. Cost was average
I got this for basic internet access, reading kindle books and watching Netflix. Works great. No problems. Now, if you want to download a ton of shows, extra memory will be needed.
The Amazon Fire TV is simply awesome. I use it for HULU AND NETFLIX
The kids have really enjoyed playing on their new tablets!
My whole family loves Alexa. We play games (20 questions, jeopardy, etc), get weather updates, turn on or dim lights, update the grocery list and much more. She also sings Happy Birthday with us!
My kids love it. Got it for my kids. We use it too.
I bought this as a present for a friend, and he uses it all the time. The HD screen is crystal clear, and this tablet competes well with the bigger names.
excellent gift, ok sound, great portability, would buy again
You will get your money worth. Great to carry anywhere
Gave as a gift to my mother. She is highly pleased with it.
I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. It's a perfect size and very convenient for her age .
Space saving device and energy saver. Feel like a king commanding for information and ease of use - my music streams well and quality of sound is great coverage over 2000 square feet perimeter. Must buy product!
It was for my mother in law and she loves the tablet.
I love the amazon fire kids edition. It has lots of fun apps for kids.
Good product easy to use just to pricey but worth it.
I bought the Amazon Fire HD 8 for my husband for Christmas. He's never too excited about gifts but he is using this tablet every day and even though he won't admit it, he absolutely loves it. Would definitely buy again, especially during Black Friday specials.
Amazon is at the forefront of 4K content, offering several shows in HDR. Then why isn't their very own streaming player capable of displaying it? And at only 30 fps to boot. This was obviously built to a price but if you've already shelled out the money for a 4K TV wouldn't you want it to be able to display all that it's capable of? The Roku is, at present, the far superior product.
This an awesome tablet for kids. My Grandson never wants to put it down. The case is great protection from drops.
Doesn't disappoint. Nice features. Owned two prior to this one. Very nice tablet.
I have the Firestick and wanted something for another TV. Went with the Fire TV. This was worth the extra money. Just works so much better. Faster and less buffering.
Great item can't wait to add on and join amizon prine
Alexa keeps you updated on news and weather. Great to answer questions. Fun to use.
I purchased the Amazon Echo 2 months ago mostly for my wife. She spends time in the kitchen and adjoining living room and I wanted her to be able to easily listen to music, check on the weather, ask about recipes, etc. We have enjoyed using the Echo and it has performed very well. The sound is excellent as is the voice recognition. I would recommend it, especially when on sale.
Excellent quality and super easy to use. I love that you can expand the memory. Can't beat it for the price!!
Very happy with this product. Way more than I expected and you couldn't beat the price.
I cut the cable and my bill with ooma for phone is 84$ a month for triple play
I have a couple of these along with a couple of firesticks. Works good with the Kodi App
I gave this as a gift to my sister and she loves it. The battery life is great. She recently took it to a trip to Canada from Texas and her battery lasted all trip!!!
It was a great price bought it for my neiece for Christmas and I'm sure she is going to love it.
I can finally read outside and for more than 20 minutes at a time.
If you are looking for a tablet to read books, play games, watch netflix or amazon, and to travel with, look no further. This tablet has everything you need. it does not have the greatest camera, but you have a phone for that. No reason to spend more money on anything else.
Overall I'm pleased with the Kindle Paperwhite. The text is sharp and easy to read, the memory is more than adequate for all the books I could want to have available. Battery life is excellent, going for weeks without charging.It does not get 5 stars from me though. The processor is a bit slow causing a time lag to go from screen to screen or to navigation pages, I also have Kindle on my Note 4 and appreciate the lag-free response of the Samsung. Navigation is a bit cumbersome since there are no physical buttons, the "BACK" button in particular is missed.Having a dedicated Kindle device with great battery life and an amazing screen makes the Paperwhite worth having for me in spite of a few areas where it can be improved.
I got this for my little sister. It is simple and easy for her to use.
Setting up today with wall bracket to make television fit better in the room
You give an amazing 7 tablet, with front and rear facing cameras, a nice interface, fairly snappy performance and durability, all for under 50 bucks! I cant imagine not buying these for your kids, but not a primary tablet for a techie adult by any means.I f you are looking for a great entry level tablet that does most of the things people want, this little tablet definitely delivers the value.
It was super affordable, good picture quality, easy to set up. I've had no issues. A little complicated for me, but to someone who uses electronics regularly, it would be easy.
Lots and lots of channel to watch. better viewing and entertaining to use.
Great device, I did exchange it for a white one. It would work better if I had better internet connection at my house.
so many options, such great sound, a great value!!
Very good tablet for the money. A lot fast than I thought it would be. Bought 2 for gifts.
Hello is is good product to have and buy I would trevmoned it
I have tried them all and this is the most solid one. Better than Roku
I bought an extra power cord for my Echo a month ago but it has been on backorder. Then when I went to check, it was not scheduled to ship for another few weeks. I then saw this one, and it is new. I placed an order for it and it was at my door in two days with Prime.I love my Echo and wish I could buy another at the introductory rate that I did a year ago. We use it daily in our household, mainly for news and listening to music while cooking in the kitchen. We wanted another one for the main bedroom for the alarm, weather, and music. Having poor eyesight, it is nice to ask Alexa what the weather is rather then trying to find my glasses in the dark. I bough the extra cord and plugged it into my nightstand. I now unplug the one in the kitchen and plug it into the bedroom. Within a minute it is back online.So much easier than buying two Echos. Feels solid and just like the first one, very pleased.
It was pretty cheap and you can surf the web. a good buy for the bucks.
this is a great tablet at a great price. it is very user friendly.
My kid love this tablet!! The setup was so easy, and the amazon store has a bunch of educational apps! That my kid can enjoy playing and learning!!
It work all my home kit with out flaw! it can hear me from across the room. echo is very smart
This was a gift for a family member they really enjoy all the options of getting books
Love the Echo. Interface with Amazon Music is a great feature, and the application on my phone or kindle makes it easy to manage information or control the music. We use it mostly to listen to the radio or music library. Grand Daughter loves it because it will play whatever she asks (which is always Frozen Soundtrack).
I have owned Kindle's for many years and have always been very happy with their portability, performance and ease of use. The highly expandable memory is what lead me to purchase this Kindle for my son. There are only two areas that I am very disappointed: the first, in the parental control settings, in order to ensure that my son cannot make endless one-touch purchases (and I mean one-easy little touch) I must set the controls either off or on. The problem with this is that he then has no internet access, or extremely limited access, so limited that he cannot access content I normally allow him to access...big problem. Now Amazon is pretty good about refunding unintended app purchases, there is a cancel button, but then you must wait days or more for the refund to be credited. This is an issue that I am getting more frustrated with as we move through time with this purchase. The second issue, Amazon's Kindle app store is weak. If you can find some of the apps that you are searching for they may not be entirely supported by the device, such as Facebook....a major app and a major downfall to Kindle use. Because of this last issue both my son and I have Apple devices to supplement what we cannot do on our Kindle. All this being said however, My son and I both very much enjoy what the Kindle's do have to offer, so they get a GOOD rating because of this....however because of the issues I discussed it was difficult to choose between an AVERAGE and GOOD rating.
This tablet is certainly large which makes it cumbersome when reading in a reclining position. However, its terrific for reading or watching films on a plane, desk or otherwise sitting up.
Nice for books and games on the go so you don't have to use your phone battery
I gave this as a gift and the recipient has really enjoyed it. He said the sound was better than expected. The number of questions the Echo can answer is a little disappointing but everything else was as advertised.
When used with AMAZON Prime and the "FreeTime" app for kids this is a great tablet. Recommend installing at least 32 gb of micro SD card storage and install apps to the card to insure that the tablet has enough free space to handle videos. Easy enough to use for our 2 year old grandson.
On the second day the unit disconnected from my wireless network and when attempted to reconnect the remote would not work and I could not click on the network settings button. I return that unit for another Amazon fire and the second unit could not find the remote to pair it. I think I will purchase a google or apple next .
Have used every iPad since the beginning including the Pro and never had success reading. Now I can read anywhere under any lighting conditions and the battery lasts forever! great on the road or at home. Test is so crisp and clean! I recommend purchasing with the cover to protect the screen.
It feels a bit more rugged than my original Fire tablet, and I believe it is an excellent value.
I decided to buy an Amazon echo for my wife on Mother's Day. She was really impressed how well it functioned, and how knowledgeable Alexa is. Everyone should have one of these!
I like how it works. It works well, I just don't like having to pay for everything.
love it......................small and efficient..
Good good good good had a lot of shows on it and it is good good good
I purchased three for my children and so far it's been a little over a month and they are still fully intact and bright and working. The speakers are loud, quality of the housing is very durable and the screen isnt scratch resistant but a screen protector can handle that. Charging is quick and the port is still very durable. The volume and home button is easy to handle and the response of the screen is still very well. The colors of the screen with games and movies is awesome. Children love it and my husband and I do as well. We catch ourselves playing as well. Lol
Have a nook , this is much better has more apps and thru amazon
I bought three of these tablets. They are the best tablets around. They are very fast and durable as well. They are simple to use both of my children use them. I haven't had any issues with this product.
I think Alexa is the best...Have to buy the other smart components,but so far so GOOD!
awesome tablet the best i ever bought for $50 great screen great angles and fast even two months in and alot of apps bought it for my little sister and two months later still going strong
Screen resolution could be better. I got what I paid for. Fine for browsing.
Received as a Christmas present and am enjoying it very much. Am still learning all the capabilities it has.
My daughter loves it and you can't beat the warranty!
I bought a few of these as Christmas presents for my family, and they have been a big hit. Alexa is able to recognize voices from across the room, even while cooking, talking, or playing music in the background. it's a lot of fun to ask her questions and see her responses, and as she continues to grow/learn, there will be more useful options to take advantage of.
The Amzon Echo is like a dream come true. Everyone in my house feels like we live in some future movie. We use it everyday to get our news, weather, cooking timer, control our lights, control our AC and listen to music over Spotify, all with just our voice. It's useful to get quick wiki info or even just for a joke. The kids love to play paper rock and scissors with her. My only regret is I don't have another!
As expected but cost too much. I felt amazon should have covered the failed power supply under warranty but this fixed it.
If you are looking to add smart TV capabilities to your TV (or replace existing smart TV capabilities), this is the product to own! In my opinion Amazon knocked it out of the park with this streamer. Paired with a 4K TV, it adds amazing clarity to 4K Content!
Alexa is utilized by the whole family from morning to night.
You don't need cable service anymore that means you can save money with this :)
very similar items as the stick. able to use a sd card in addition
This is a huge hit as a gift for my 3 year old daughter.
For the low price it is very speedy and has sufficient storage space.While it doesn't have Google play, the Amazon app store has most of the same apps or a workable alternatve.
Great for learning apps and surfing internet for my 7 year old kid and also good protection
Bought Paperwhite as a gift for my wife for Christmas. She cant put it down!, If she wakes up in the middle of the night the Paperwhite is on and it the light doesn't bother me.
Got this for my wife for Christmas, wasn't sure she would use it. Turned out to be a great gift. Perfect for email, facebook with the Kids, get's her bookclub book delivered instantly from Amazon. And good battery life with a sharp picture.
Gets the job done as a tablet I guess, apps are limited but this isn't meant to be a full on tablet, its a reader. It does freeze ad glitch a little but for the price I guess its worth it.
I love this kindle for just relaxing and reading a book. It's easy on the eyes and easy to access your books.
It's a very good one for my children to play with so
PROS: - A MUST for Amazon Prime subscribers - lots of media content - For PlayStation Vue subscribers, it's speedy and fast; works great- Noticeably faster than 1st generation Amazon Fire Stick- High-quality feel of the remote control- Smartphone App works great- Alexa-enabled CONS:- Vudu app is not supported by Amazon- Not compatible with generic universal remotes (unless you buy Logitech Harmony Remotes) TIP:- Prices can easily fluctuate from $79-$99
This product is excellent would recommend to other people keeps all my stuff in on Unit
Went in for the firetvstick but left with this instead. If you plan on using it a lot and not planning on moving it from device to device this is the way to go. Much faster and also has SD Card inputs. We use it for Kodi and it's much faster than the firetvstick I programmed for others.
easy to use for a handicapped person. i love it,,,,
Works great. Sometimes voice recognition spotty especially depending on who is talking. Key is figuring out how to integrate it with what you need or else you forget to use it
Bought it for my parents. They love it...buying another for my college daughter
I had trouble with the device interfering with my internet connection. It would cause my wifi to disconnect. I could not toggle between the device and other devices. After I figured it out it works fine
OMG - who needs a personal assistant when you have Alexa.Love it!
The Echo by Amazon has exceeded even my own high expectations (which is quite an acheivement)!
My kids use these things daily. We had to replace two after about a year. One got smashed and the other has the digitizer die. Great on trips, as they typically keep the kids quiet.
The device itself is good designed.I'm Amazon prime member, but found that the amazon prime video/tv isn't that good. Can't find many good video to watch.
This device meets the needs of my grandson. He can read and play games on it. It also has the parental safeguards.
The first tablet I bought was good at first until it stops charging. I went to best buy to check it and they said that everything is okay. We tried it again at home and it was the same thing, it charged for a few min until probably 2% and will stop. I brought it back to the store and they replace it with a new one. So far I don't have problem with it as well as the other 2 tablets that I bought together with the first tablet.
I was not sure if this product could do all that it is capable. very good quality with excellent sound quality.
over all it worked. was slower than my kindle paperwhite
Usually use fire tv stick but got this one for 4K and faster speeds and it does not disappoint
I love my Amazon Fire TV. Just love it. This is better than regular TV
Lightweight, easy to,use, great battery life. Have increased my reading substantially since getting it. Love the matte background, adjustable text size, and back lighting. So much better than trying to read on an iPad.
This has kept my kids entertained, but maybe just a little too entertained. Sadly, they don't want to do much else
This device would be the best possible tablet for the money if it had Google Play. However Amazon chose to block access to it. This took their well made tablet with a beautiful screen and great performance from an amazing value to a waste of money. This is my last amazon branded product.If you use a lot of apps or want specific apps shop for another device.
Love this amazon fire. Great talking piece for the newbies. Easy to install
Bought the Fire Tv over the Fire stick due to the fact that it has more memory. Great for streaming. Only problem is that it freezes sometimes and you have to hard reset it.
I got this for my son and he loves it! He can play games, watch movies, you tube videos, and use the internet for help with homework. He also loves all the books, and aps. Was a great black Friday deal should have gotten one for myself.
This 9W PowerFast adapter amazingly fast. My daughter I use it primarily for our Fire HD 4th Gen tablets. I wish all my chargers were this fast.I'd like to use it on my Kindle Paperwhite but I need to find out if it is compatible - I don't want to ruin it. I tried using it on my 1st Gen Fire but I think I may have damaged it since it was on its last legs anyway.I checked it works on my Paperwhite.
If you're looking for something basic at a good price then these are for u. These are not iPad quality but if u have prime then it's well worth it.
Great product and great price! Worth more then what you pay!
I'm more impressed with this that I has anticipated! Alexa has been very helpful around the house from music to cooking timer and 20 question with my kid! Now we are stocking up on the smart home items that work with it!
I have two echo dots and two other echoes and I love them! It's convenient, looks great and sounds great. Got my last two echoes for a great price!
Works as suppos to do, buy it is ok, no worries do it
Positives:Not overpriced and extremely user-friendly OS. Recommend that users purchase an Amazon Prime membership if purchasing this item as there are always a ton of free TV shows, movies, books, and games included in the subscription. Prices for items are also reduced. If not, there are occasional free and reduced price items; however, you have to look for them.Negatives: If you do not charge the battery on a consistent basis, there is a chance that the Kindle's internal battery will not charge anymore. This will require the user to return the item and purchase another. If the user keeps too many apps open, the performance drops significantly. The display has a low resolution and the touchscreen does not always respond as quickly as a tablet would.
Bought this for a friend who loves it. Simple and easy to use.
The tablet would never turn on, even after charging
Must have all family member's enjoy and can use love it.
Bought this for a friend. It does the job (basic web and book reading) and at an affordable price. Nothing too fancy, but no problems.
I really do not understand why Amazon has moved to the 6 inch format. The 7 inch format was much better and the screen size fir most aps better. Although I have relatively small hands, this one fits into my hand much better than the smaller 6 inch. A great tablet.
From soup to nuts, daylight to dark, start to finish. Echo has got you covered.
I tend to read at night before bed and the paperwhite allows me to do that without over simulating me, allowing my eyes to slowly tire and fall asleep.
Love the tablet. For this price it's an amazing offer
Love it! Easy to navigate! Even my toddler can do it!
The warranty is awesome, my 2 year old broke the first one. Best buy replaced it with no problems.
I loved this product. Its stylish and easy to use. this is for my wife
It's pretty cool to have, and do some other mods to it since I own it, great item
I have one but bought this for a gift. Best gift for a great price.
This is a lot of fun. Also very convenient since it is hands free.
I have enjoyed a Kindle Reader for years. If you think your phone works just as well, you probably have never tried a Kindle Reader. When my last one began to fade, I hit the reviews and then bought this one. I would rather pay a bit more and have all the features that I want, than go for the best value for money to save a few bucks and have buyer's regret. In this case they are both the same.
Great product! Amazon prime music is at my disposal at allTimes. The skills are sweet. Totally worth the money.
Amazing device! Makes life easier I use it all the time
I bought this for my gf for her bday, and she loves.
meets or exceeds all my needs simple and fun for games. looking forward to reading my first book
These box is amazing!!! A must if you have Amazon Prime.
It's worth it for the shopping and todo lists alone. Great product.
I got this as a present for my wife. She really likes it. She uses it to check out the weather before going out. It is able to tell her what her fit-bit count is without her having to open her laptop or her phone app. We can have it play Pandora or i-heart radio. And it keeps track of our shopping list.
This product is similar to my old kindle; however, I wish the touch screen was more responsive or it had manual page buttons on the side. Overall it's great
It's a great tablet for the price. Don't expect it to be as fast more expensive ones. It's meant for casual use and it does a great job at that. For the price, you can't beat it. Get a nice large microsd card and you don't have to worry about space. It runs a little slow on certain things if you are multitasking but it's a simple tablet. I've run plenty of 720p videos without fail. It's great for ebooks or other files. Some more elaborate pdfs take a while to load if they have a lol of graphics. Battery life seems good for a small table too.The only real Issue I have is the Amazon App store being limited. It is an offshoot of Android but not all the same apps are available. There is a way around it but I wish they would just allow it access to Google Play or at least offer the same apps.So, it's a nice inexpensive table that works great. For the money, you will love it but don't get upset that is doesn't run as fast as a $500 tablet. That's not its job.
I'm an owner of Apple TV. But for price and features this Amazon Fire TV beats it. Highly recommend it.
Purchased this as a gift for my husband and didn't know what exactly it was all about. Once we installed it and saw all of the things we can watch on it, I was hooked. Very easy to navigate through all of the apps. Considering dropping our cable provider because most of the shows we watch are available through Fire TV. Highly recommend! We will also be purchasing a couple of Firesticks so we can watch in other rooms.
My kids love this tablet and its so inexpensive. I like that I can connect it to my Amazon account and see what they play.
It's a great product to help make your home smarter & more convenient. Being able to set a timer while cooking or play a song without pulling out your phone. Being able to set up WiFi plugs to turn on lights in the house are also a plus.
Purchased for 2-5 year olds. Works well for them..
I got this as a Christmas gift for a family member. You really can't beat the price of this tablet, especially compared to other tablets in its price range. It blows the Digiland tablets out of the water. It is pretty simple to use, only thing that I don't like is the Amazon app store's selection of apps.
We have grown in our interactions and reliance on our Amazon Echo. Temperature, lighting, music and more, Alexa is awesome.
I preorder 4 for my kids and they love it. The use it to connect with families in Mexico. They use it for school as well when they need to use the web.
I really like my kindle. I do wish it had so that you could move books that you had read to another area or just mark them as read. I read a lot and sometimes forget if I read the book. It holds so many books and I can take them all anywhere.
So happy I made this purchase! Works great for our family. Super fast. No buffering.
Great kids tablet, we have 4 of them now and they come in handy on long road trips. For the price they are a great buy.
I ordered this as a Christmas present for my wife. She fell in love with it!!!
My daughter loves this! Expandable storage helps when we make our twice yearly drive to Texas and all the games and apps are definitely age appropriate so I don't have to worry about get getting onto anything she isn't supposed to be on!
This is a very good tablet for kids to use. You can set up time them to play game and time to read!
Got a good deal an ECHO at Best Buy. It was easy to set up works great.
She plays any song you want to hear. I am so glad i got it!
Very good tablet for this price.Its very handy.......
Works very well. Was able to get it to work with my tablet and all our Samsung phones. Easy to setup family app's with Amazon prime.
Very easy to use and install I didn't have any problems with it
Bought this charger for the Kindle voyage and its great.
Tablet performed as expected no problems. Will buy again
Son loves this tablet kid friendly tons of games very pleased
With parental controls, this is a great tablet for my grandson to use!
Great product if you are looking for Alexa or a speaker for listening to music. Sleek design, great features, but I was pleasantly surprised with the sound quality this unit provides as well.
My grand daughter wanted a tablet and this was a wonderful purchase for her birthday. The price was excellent and it does everything she was looking for and more. She never wants to put it down!
It is very easy to use. It also comes with 30 free prime which is a plus to be able to use. It is kid friendly.
I bought this because I wanted to play games on a little bigger screen. I didn't want a large and expensive tablet. This was the perfect price and size for me.
I purchased this item as a gift. She loves the tablet and uses it every day.
I received the Amazon echo as a birthday gift. I am not tech savvy, so set up was a bit confusing for me. Now that I have the features I want and need on the device, our household uses it everyday! In fact, we bought 3 as Xmas gifts!
I've purchased other kids tablets, but this is the best. It's user friendly and interactive. My grandson carries it with him where ever he goes.
I used a lot in my house for games and music and controlling household electronics
Best Reader ever. I've had a lot of Readers like Paper white 2013, Kindle DX, B&N nook and Kobo Aura HD before I get Kindle Voyage. But this one is really different.The only feature that I wish it'd support is memory slot! I guess Amazon will add it to the next generation of Kindles as well as Kindle Fires...
Great Servive Best Buy and the price match is great I used it both at best buy
This is great little tablet that is very user friendly and lightweight!
I got this tablet for my nice i really like it but i really dislike the fact that you have to be sing in into store in order to use apps
I own 3 in my household. To me no other streaming box comes close. A definite must buy !
Overall this is a great tablet for the money. It does exactly what you need it to do. If you looking for a tablet to search the web, or just do basic things this is the tablet that you should get.
The Picture awesome. Memory card can be installed.
Wanted to buy a reliable and cost effective tablet. Was afraid the screen might be too small. Dad loved it. He is 70 and not too tech savvy but is able to browse the Internet, use Skype and listen to music. He is afraid he will purchase something by mistake and get a charge on his credit card. :)
Daughter uses it constantly for games, texting, Web surfing, and email. Great alternative to more expensive devices.
We bought two of these for our kids and they both love them! Easy to set up and operate. They are a welcome improvement over them using their phones for all the apps and games they enjoy.
I wanted to buy it long time ago, the price I bought in best buy is good for me. Of course, the quality is good.
I love it, but the first one I bought didn't work. When I got a working model I was very happy. Super cool technology
Software can be clunky to navigate. Certain apps are not available at this time for Amazon fire tv, only saving grace is my subscription to Playstation Vue
my husband bought this for me as a Christmas present. I couldn't understand why he bought it because I already have a Kindle Fire.Once I opened it and got it going, I loved all it could do plus the graphic is so much colorful than my older Kindle.
I like this tablet because it entertains my kid and he loves it
Love the color just the right size easy to set up works well for what I needed it for great price
Just right for my mom. Got it and put prime on it for her and Netflix along with some games. I think she likes it.
I love my Kindle fire. Had a Kindle and it disappeared. Enjoy not having to go to library for books. I get a great selection of books every day.
love it...works as expected. would recommend this product.
Trusted brand, great quality tablet. Great for what I use it: browsing, FB, some puzzle games etc
nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.
Who needs a radio when you got Alexa :) Great product
This fire tablet has handled all of the facebook games I play without skipping or tieing up.I'm very impressed.
I really enjoy Echo. We find we used it much more than expected. We are adding apps for fun and usefulness. Love the product!
As a retiree, I need to reduce expenses. DirecTv is way too expensive so I plan on watching more movies and TV shows through my Amazon Fire TV.
I mainly used this device to control some home automation items in the house and to watch quick youtube videos. For its price, it is a great device, do not expect it to be the greatest tablet out there.
i have not had any issues with it. i like the separate profiles so i can use it too with out him getting online. plus i can down load a app and if it is suitable for him i can add it to his profile.
I will be buying these everyone I know! fantastic price too
I love the touch screen aspect still love the original.
I have tried the google home smart device and I have been much happier with the Amazon echo. It has a good microphone - I can speak commands from across the room. It almost always responds correctly to my questions / commands. The smart features work well and I am VERY happy that I can stream whatever I want to it as a bluetooth device. It's an overall better product than Google Home but the speaker volume is not high quality at the louder levels. I don't really need to crank it up that often so it's adequate for me, but that might be a more important feature for others. Overall - I am very pleased with this product.
Alexa is one smart device . she reminds me of appts. Controls my lighting.once I change my themostat she will make sure we are comfortable.
Serves my daily needs for email, local newspaper, and favorite apps -- like Pinterest, Instructibles, eBay, YouTube, Facebook, etc.Easy to use, convenient size & weight, great quality screen resolution and sound.
Great if you just want to read and occasionally browse the web. Great value!
I picked up the Amazon Echo a few months back. I'm mostly thrilled with it. Occasionally the Echo fails to execute a command like, "Alexa, play 670 the Score on Tune-In." It will reply, sometimes many times in a row, "could not find 670 on Tune-In." This morning it managed to find it after 5 consecutive errors. So there are some issues with connectivity, but I love the addition of the echo to my home, now it's time to upgrade lights and thermostats!
Got for reading Amazon books. Works great. Would recommend.
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my nephew and he loves it.
I will use this until it blows up. So nice to touch one button and get anything you want
I love the paperwhite. I can read it in any light without glasses. I always have a variety of books, to suite my reading taste. I got a rocketfish wall charger for a great price at bestbuy and it's so much easier to charge my kindle. I've been reading for almost 10 hours on the same charge. If you love books you have to get one of these! My house would be full of books, but now I can get books I would not otherwise purchase because of physical space limitations. I have over 100 books on my kindle and it takes up less space than 1 book. Many sites offer free or reduced price books. This expands my reading appetite to other areas I would probably not have even considered before. I love my kindle, my only regret is not getting one sooner!!!
The eco is great if your a lists person or want to order Pizza. Yes it can control lights and locks but it doesn't support my remote lights I have now. The Eco just can't answer technical home work questions like the Google can
I can hold this next to my Kindle Paperwhite and see that is brighter, more evenly lit, sharper and faster. But $200 is pushing the price a little high. If a friend wasn't looking to buy my old one, not sure I would have paid that much.
Excellent lightweight way to take a lot of reading materials along when traveling.
For a device with 4k Technology they don't seem to advertise it much. You can barely see it on the box. Also search feature only works for Amazon. That's a waste of a search feature. Remote disconnects from the box often and your have to take the batteries out of the remote to reset it. I would not recommend until Amazon fixes the bugs.
Bought this an an auxiliary pad instead of a second iPad, which I have had for years. So, far, other than reading books on it I haven't been able to accomplish much. Most of the apps I use on my iPad don't have a compatible version. But, it was cheap, so even as just an e-reader I decided to keep it.
Easy to setup and easy to use. It was a gift and my husband loves it
Roku is great! I would recommend! You can watch a bunch of Movies.
Got it for my daighter and its a great tablet for a starter. Easy to ise and has great graphics .
This product will allow me to cut the cable cord and save significant dollars. I can choose and pay for only what I want.
I have been reading on a tablet with the Kindle app. Worked great and really got hooked on e readers. However living in Florida I could not read outside. Purchased the Kindle Paperwhite and problem solved. Really like my Kindle. Haven't used the tablet since the purchase.
I bought this as a gift only to receive one as a gift. It takes a little getting used to. It doesn't sync with the calendar on my iPhone, but it does sync with Google Calendar.
I bought this one my niece and she loves it. She also take it on long road trips.
The screen is a good size (portable but large enough to read) and has excellent resolution and color quality, the wireless connection is good and the user interface is relatively clear and easy to learn.
Great product for the price easy to use no problems.
I love it and I don't pay for cable anymore. That's winning all the way around.
Bought this as a gift/prize for a Project Graduation party. The winner was super excited!
Just bought as a travel companion. Something to watch movies and play games on. So far it has been great. The picture is great. It's really clear.
I originally bought this solely for the BOINGO app. However it has a large selection of apps and I now use it everyday.
Easy to use and has some great features. Useful for both kids and adults
Exciting technology that blows your mind. Very easy to set up , you won't be disappointed with this product.
A wonderfully designed device, but its use is fairly limited. I bought it primarily to use as a Smart Home control device. However, although it allows you to turn on and off lights, you cannot add timers to the control instructions. For instance, you cannot tell the Echo to turn off a light in 30 minutes; you can only tell it to turn it off or on immediately. Finding that out was incredible disappointing. I don't know understand why it would be so hard to add such a feature.
Black Friday deal for $35. regularly $49. worth it at $49 too. not a replacement for a laptop, but good battery life, and perfect for surfing the net, e mail, amazon content etc bought a cover for it on amazon.
This is actually our 2nd Echo for our house. We had one for downstairs, and this one is for upstairs. If you are looking for a bluetooth speaker, you should definitely get this as it is about the same price as other speakers, has great sound, plus you get the voice control. Alexa voice control is good for playing music, asking about the weather, adding things to a list, setting timers, etc. The only downside is that she is much more limited in her knowledge than Siri is, she can't play from iTunes or apple music, or connect to iPhone notes. It is completely Amazon and other than apple having an app, that is as far as the iPhone integration goes. Overall, a great speaker with the benefits of voice control and other features.
Clear screen, buttons act up a little. After numerous days of review I feel that this was the best option.
So much more powerful and with an actual LAN connection the speeds are much better too. If you can afford it get the box over the stick.
Great tablet to have for the kids and me to play games, read books, etc. I just wish it was able to get more of the apps that are on android
this product does exactly what I expected it to do.loved it so much I bought two!
This is so affordable and we use it everyday! Our kids use it to watch kid videos on prime and kid apps. We bought a super tough case for it and it has lasted a long time.
Ok for a kid tablet the size is good you can okly use there apps
Wasn't sure about an e reader....this thing is great.....battery life is good..I'm getting about a week or more before charging with reading about an hr a day
i was totally impressed with the tablet great speed great camera the sound was a little low. i loved the price and I will recomend it to my friends. The costumer service was good and staff very friendly , Thank you
I Used rely on Siri on the iphone prior to buying this and do not use Siri anymore since I started using Alexa. I activate siri on my phone and address it as Alexa. The voice recognition is awesome compared to any other assistant like Siri. You can speak from any corner in the room and it will capture it. I automated my home with this and we love it.
We bought on the Black Friday deal and they are great! The 8 is better since it is bigger but they are still great
I purchased this to read books online and also to check out from my local library. It takes a little getting used to because I also have an older IPad, but the more I use it, it seems pretty easy.
I do not like the fact that every thing is in pictures instead of words. On my old paper white I had a list of unread books, now I have pictures. I don't read pictures. If there is a way to make it into a list, I have yet to find it. I thought the that reading is the point.
Got this for my mom. She has never used a tablet before. It's easily setup and durable enough to handle the occasional fall. She seems to like it so the money was well worth it.
Bought this to streaming media in HD and 4K and it works great. Only bad thing is you need a high speed HDMI to be able to streaming in 4k.
Kids love it, no real issues. Solid tablet for the value.
I love my echo use it every day for questions to recipes to weather and games
We bought this for my wife who loves to read. She always has it with her and doesn't put it down! Great product
I've had other e-readers before and like this one the best because how easy it is to operate.
This e reader is perfect! It is user friendly, holds a charge for couple days which is oerfect. The size is very compact I carry with me everywhere!
My girls love the tablet. Great value for the money.
The Kindle fire tablet I purchased, is great for what I use it for, comparing prices&stores research, reading .perfect.best bang for your buck.
This is one of the best purchases I've ever made. I used to buy books all the and then they were just laying around after I read them, now I can buy them (for a cheaper price, at that) and they're all in one place, not taking up ANY space.
Loud enough to keep a few guess entertained, it need more resources for the voice feature
Had to get a few inexpensive tablets for my kids so far and the battery life on this is great! Speed of apps is good as well.
Great size, easy to use and it has a sleek look that is attractive.
Samsung Experience Professionals Jon, Neil and Tony were an ideal match for someone looking to upgrade to a new phone. The sales deal was unbelievable - $200 Best Buy card upon upgrade to a Galaxy 7 phone. The sales points that won my business were battery life and charging power. New phone can connect wireless charge without adapter. I am a very happy customer.
Bought one, loved it. Bought another so I would have one in the bedroom and the other for living room. Also bought one for my sister.
What a cool gadget. Great to have by the pool and change music without getting out.
Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
I like the Amazon Platform that it is on as it ties into my Amazon account.
Perfect starter tablet; just right for kids to use
Great to get my media all in one place! Easy to use.
Haven't had it long , at this time Iam pleased with it .
First one died within hours of setting it up. Returned and reluctantly got a second. This one has been solid.... So far.
This is a great tablet. Great value . Great price. Good quality.
Alexa has been around awhile so it does what you would expect it to do. I was slightly less impressed with it only because I wasn't an amazon prime member, which limits is productivity. If you want a full experience with Alexa, you have to be a prime member. Since I mostly use google products already, it made sense for me to get the Home - which to me is a little bit more functional than Alexa only due to the Google search engine.Overall, if you're in the market for such a connected device, you can't go wrong with either
Got this for my grand niece, she loves it. Can't beat it for the price.
Easy-to-use. Lots of books obviously but also lots of apps.
Bought this for our grandson and it was a hit and easy to use!
I wanted the one with whispersync but none were available, so for the cost and having familiar ebook I purchased this unit. Great for taking to poolside or beach when on vacation.
I purchased this item on sale as an alternative tab to android RC tablet. Fire tab is extremely slow, my son had been using RC tablet without any problem, but this one is slow, takes forever the web page to load, apps are also slow. Absolutely waste of money.
I bought this one as a gift. I already have one. I love it for music and news around the house. I send messages to family members on it. Best Buy did a great job getting it to me, and I caught it on sale. Couldn't beat the price.
No bad for the price. The bad is the got too many adds an you can't take it out
My hubby bought this for me since I was constantly googling questions on my phone. I was so excited to start asking it questions..... the only problem is Alexa doesn't have any of the answers. Music sounds great on it but that's about it. Not impressed. Save your money.
Bought a few of these for Christmas gifts .Everyone is happy !Its a great device for the $$. Low price, and great quality as always from FIRE devices.
Easy to set up and useEasy to read even in sunlight No artificial light needed in the dark Very portable. Fits in purse
This device is user friendly. It is easily transported. There are many wonderful apps to choose from. The price is fabulous!A great gift for Santa to bring!!!!!
This is an excellent product. I bought mine when it was on sale for $84.99. It was a great investment.
Fast to install and I very easy to work it's got great resolution
I used to use an amazon fire tv stick which worked fine. A friend recommended trying the fire tv because it was faster and had the ability to have more storage. Tried it and haven't looked back since.
After ranting against e-readers for years, I decided that I could use one for the long bus trips into and back from work. Tablets gave me eyestrain, and one of my brothers (who happened to have the same problem with tablet-reading) suggested doing what he did and getting a Paperwhite.This thing is amazing! I am now a firm believer! The simplicity of its controls, the portability, and Best Buy's 2-year extended warranty have made this something I ALWAYS carry with me!
If you want an eReader for just reading books then this is for you.
Very happy with this purchase which replaced a 3rd generation unit. Much easier on the eyes and very responsive to the touch. Takes a little to get used of the page foward/backward on this device but no big deal. The Reviews on Best Buy site were very instrumental in making this purchase.
This device should be portable. The speaker is loud and the color is cool.
My kids love it as they can ask Alexa to play Kids Bop radio on Sirius.
Easy to use grandson enjoys it .plus the two year warranty you can't beat kids can be rough on tablets.
We have this in our kitchen and I love to play music on it while cooking or just hanging out
I had a non-background light kindle before. Now I replace it with the Kindle paperwhite. Good as expected.
Would highly recommend and Great product with great sound
If you have Prime this is the best thing you can buy!
Purchased this tablet for my two year old son. It is easy for him to use and has been surprisingly durable. Would recommend the replacement plan if purchasing for a child.
Awesome product. Got 2 of them. No issues with streaming.
Love the screen colors and the easy accessible apps and internet.
Even better than the Paperwhite, which have used regularly over the past couple of years.
My wife wanted this for her birthday. She loves it! Speakers could be better, but a great device for fun and information!
bought for grand kids front camera rear camera wifi ready games they caN SKYPE SO MANY THINGS you can use it for 2 YEAR NO QUETION WARENTY its your best buy
meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
For reading only purposes, this Kindle Paperwhite fits the bill and is easy to carry everywhere and catch up on some reading. I'm glad I made this purchase would highly recommend.
Perfect for my son! He has fine motor deficits and the games definitely help him work on using one finger at a time to play them! I also don't have to worry about him getting onto anything that isn't kid friendly since he doesn't know my passcode for the adult profile!!
I bought this for the offline movie download capability. When I travel it is amazing
Allows me to watch Netflix, Hulu or Amazon Video from any TV that doesn't have internet access.
Alexis is very useful for many different fun apps.
Live where there isn't good cable provider or even satellite provider, Directv here on the coast of Puerto Rico is spotty at best, forget about it when it rains, which is daily in some seasons, the firetv works great with the 4G wireless hotspot I use.
Great product gets better every week. I even bought one as a gift
Got this for my college student! She loves it! Uses it for weather, news, speaker and more!
I love Alexa. She is great for information and music. It also keeps the kids occupied.
Bought this one as a Christmas gift. Employee was very excited to receive and still loves the tablet.
I have had this tablet for about a month. It is really good for basic use. It met my expectations.
I bought this tablet for myself because I bought the 8 gb one for my 6 year old and was so impressed with it that I bought myself the 16 gb one
I bought this kindle before travelingin Asia for 6 weeks. I didn't want to bring any expensive electronics I case anything happened. This tablet did everything I hoped and more. It was perfect for reading and keeping in touch with people back home.
I do love my Amazon tablet. Wish they had some apps that google play and apple have like kidstub. But other than that great tablet...
The Paperwhite provides backlighting so that it can be read in dark environments. It still has the same long battery life as the original. The software is pretty much the same. I gave up the Whispernet capability in upgrading, but haven't missed it much since I always have plenty of unread material already downloaded over Wi-fi.
Bought this pre-Black Friday as a Xmas gift. Great product at a great price. I look forward to Black Friday at Best Buy every year!
The product was easy to setup and use. I really like it.
I got theses tablets for my grandkids for Christmas, they love them.
Great gift for a family member to be able to keep in touch...
Isn't a cheat and easy to break tablet and has just enough of all the apps for me
Bought for my wife. She loves it. Reads it in bed and the light adjusts accordingly
Works like a charm! We love having the option of regular tv or not!
great tablet and very easy to use. very easy to grab and go
I like the product itself but its app is very slow esp. outside the U.S. when you are on the go.
Pad 50 bucks for this tablet and have been happy with it used a an internet reader. Can play video with some lag and buffering
I absolutely loved it it is the best thing that I have used since cable
Sound quality excellent, functionality is smooth, App required a day or two for full comprehension. System works beautifully, my sons especially have enjoyed the lighting integration with our LIFX and the Amazon Prime Music requests. Will be expanding the system when "Dot" returns.
It took awhile to get this Kindle as it was out of stock, but it was worth the wait. It is easy to use and the text is very clear. I have had a Kindle before but this model is so much better. Most enjoyable.
Read lots and lots of reviews before purchasing, glad we did, the whole family loves Echo. Music works great, better than expected sound given the small footprint. We don't have a connected home yet but look forward to adding these features.
Perfect for my needs. Really enjoy it, easy to use.
My God Daughter loves it it's just next time I should also get a screen protector for it because a few weeks later it has a small crack in it
awesome little tablet with lots of functionality. my biggest complaint is the lack of power in the volume. besides that, there are too many apps on the home screen that gets in the way and looks cluttered. i have not found a simple way to remove them yet.
Bought to replace our broken kindle reader. Good battery life and size, much heavier than our old paper white. Easy to organize and find your documents, and books with. Wireless works smooth so far.
This tablet is very practical and easy to use for small kids and teens.
Enjoying it. Still learning. Probably even better when I get used to it.
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
Friends at work had been telling me about the fire box and fire stick for quite some time. Finally decided to get one and glad I did. With Netflix, Amazon Video and specific channels, I think I'm going to cancel my cable subscription. Definitely recommend.
Love this amazon did a great job with design for it
The tablet stop working after the second week. I couldnt find the receipt to return it. Its just beenCollecting dust
The Amazon fire TV is perfect for those looking to cut the cord. It can connect through wifi or through an ethernet cable, which works awesome and I don't get buffering. Plus 4k streaming, better processor and more memory is an upgrade compared to the Fire Stick. I ended up cancelling my DirectTV a while ago and haven't looked back. Compared to what I was paying with satellite subscription, this is very cheap. I already have Amazon Prime, so I get their streaming service and also have Netflix and Hulu. This is perfect for my family and my needs .
Great way to watch movies. Able to store pictures. Haven't had much time to explore to much
Great product we love it, buybuyby good good good product
Every day Alexa grows smarter and my music pick just grows with any mood I want to hear . I love that more apps are coming for this product
My daughter loves it keeps the kids occupied. I would recommend to anyone with kids
Best e-reader ever! love the back light and how light it is. My boss suggested the paperwhite after she saw how much I love to read and I have to say it's the best gift I could've ever bought myself. If you love to read you won't be disappointed because it reads like an actual book the only difference is it's not bulky and you can actually adjust the backlight as needed. I also love the fact that I can read at night without having to turn on the lamp to see the letters. You can also adjust the font size so you don't have to strain your eyes (try doing that on a regular book). Over all I can't say enough good things about the paperwhite. I totally LOVE mine!!
This item allowed me to turn my tv into not only a smart tv, but a game console. Is great for family games.
This is the second paper white I have bought as a gift. Great product.
First of ALL is Alexa understand me well especially with my diction accent not like Siri, Google, Cortana and other. They are all confused due to my accent but not Alexa. It answers all of my questions and inquiry in anything. Actually we now have 2 of this Amazon Echo, Home and Work.
I'm loving it. I've got it for 2 months now and im very happy with it. It feels very fast and reliable. Also the interface feels very friendly and easy to use.
I love this ..the sound is so good i like it better than the small one and Alexa can hear me even im far. It was an amazing product and i got good deal of course fr Best Buy!
The 8" version is much better than the older 7" version. Better graphics and faster processor
Best purchases I've made when it comes to items for reading. Battery lasts for days and weeks. The lighting source is awesome and adjustable. I recommend this to everyone who wants to have a book on the go but not carry anything too heavy.
The screen resolution is quite sharp & vivid, and the battery lasts a LONG time, but I found a major drawback: In a sense, it's like being confined to an AMAZON playground... big, yes, but accessing the BIGGER outside world can be a challenge. I often get sidetracked to AMAZON-authorized playthings, and getting around them, while doable, well, they don't make it easy. The only key is stubborn persistence.
Love the amazon fire tv. So easy to use! Couldn't be happier with my purchase.
Works great!! Would recommend for anyone looking for a good product. Very kid friendly!
Have a nook as my first e-reader. I like downloading library books better on the kindle but prefer the format of the nook.
I have 3 iPad so wasn't sure how I would feel about buying this pad. But it works great and enjoyed using it. For the price you pay it's diffidently worth it.
Very nice item to have. Keeps me updated on a number of things. Also gives me a daily reminder when to take my medication. Keeps track of my appointments. Very good for general knowledge questions.
Great tablet and very cheap. Used to for gift for customers and ita amazing
The quality of the speaker is better than I expected and my kids really enjoy playing games with Alexa. The only criticism that I have is that it doesnt do well with voice commands from a distance.
This was a gift for a senior citizen that is not a fan of computers and technology. After just a few minutes of instruction she picked right up on how much fun she could have with her down loaded games and she also learned how to reach out on the internet for information on subjects that interest her. She is very happy with her gift!
Have a Fire stick tv in tvs and upgraded to Fire box tv. Much faster and expandable memory with micro SD slot. Also can direct connect with Ethernet cable.
I didn't think it was possible to love my Kindle more! But I got the paper white to replace my Kindle touch. It's even more crisp and doesn't strain my eyes. Plus, I can read even when its shady or dark- because of the backlight. I like that I can adjust the brightness too. Worth every penny ! LOVE LOVE LOVE it! Highly recommend.
kindle Paperwhite is easy to use, lightweight, and perfect for the avid reader. It easily allows you to take book(s) with you wherever you go since it's so small, thin, and light. The battery lasts for SO long, it's easy to find where you left off by using bookmark, definitions are a press away, easy to read in the dark (a book-light is not necessary!), and stores an enormous amount of books on one device.
Took around 2 and a half days for the you tube to start the video.... But its decent enough once it started... You can never be sure when it is gonna work and when not
Echo is a good product, at a reasonable price; we use it everyday.
I bought it for x-mas for my 6 years old boy and he loves it. Great quality and AWESOME price, you cannot beat that !!!He uses it for Netflix, games and school...
Purchased for youth gift as starting tablet. The Best Buy Cyber Monday one of the best price for purchase. Will be able to determine operation of such once the tablets have been opened and operational.
I am so pleased with my Echo, I bought another for my granddaughter. As a youngster, she loves the "on demand" music.
If you want to read anytime where there's a light source this is thereafter for you. If you do a lot of night reading the paper white is cheaper considering the add kns you will have to buy for the base model.
Great for surfing the web, books, You Tube and email so far. Love the size too .
FOR the price it works great Battery run time could be better. Good for reading Kindle books, when my kindle white page isn't handy.
I bought this just to listen to music with my daughter but I use so much more, shopping lists, reminders, timers etc. I recommend anyone to get one
You can't beat what you get out of this tablet for the money. Easy to download play store and install actual apps.PROS: Price, ease of use, expandable storage, battery life.CONS: screen resolution, low RAM, not for high powered games.
We bought this Kindle for our son... he's moving up in the high school years and more books are required for reading so instead of buying books or waiting for availability at the local library it was the smart choice... download and read!
I purchased these for my grandchilden and they have really enjoyed using them and downloading new games to play.
Purchased it for in law. She loves it and has no problems with it.
I like the reduced size, the touchscreen and the built-in light of Kindle peperwhite. But I used to have a Kindle 2nd edition device, which supported background music and audible content.
i mainly purchased this so my child can have access to amazon undergrond to get free apps. he normally uses an ipad . i can tell this is slower but i was not looking for ipad quality. it gets the job done
Affordable introduction to data centered assistance. Does pull you more deeply into the Amazon ecosystem.
I'm so excited when I got Alexa. She is hands free assistance. While I'm cleaning, I can speak commands to her or just ask questions. It's amazing how you can dual task. I wish Alexa could work on voice command through the app though. Like a Siri. I also can't wait for the Echo Dot to be released next month. I need one in every room. I would definitely recommend this.
We got the FireTV because a friend recommended it to us. We were stick of our cable bill constantly going up and this was the best optio! It's a onetime purchase fee and you can download an App called Kodi and you can watch live Tv, previously played shows, and movie you can think of and even sports. Granted sometimes the quality isn't the best, it's free!! We were paying almost $200 for cable and Internet and now I pay $60 for internet and nothing to stay up with my shows and sports!! Best purchase I have made in a long time!!
This speaker is great for the price. I love how the speaker is 360 degrees so you get the same sound in any part of the room.
I would buy this again, I like the voice system. and I would recommend it to my friends.
co worker told me about this device and the price, so i checked it out and was very happy.
I really like the kindle fire and would recommed it to anyone that is looking for tablet
A friend had an Amazon Echo and my wife loved it. I surprised her with one for her birthday. She uses it everyday for weather, news and music. Great device and easy to use
Great features and easy to use. A must buy for Prime members.
I got one for Christmas and loved it bought this one for my son and he loves his
I purchased this tablet for my kids ages 7 and 6. They love them! !!
My 10 year old has enjoyed playing on this. Great selection of apps and games.
The Amazon Echo is a great item help you with everyday things. Music, notes, shopping list, timers, etc.
Bought for adopted family for Christmas they were happy
Got for my 9 year old grandson. Durable & plenty fast for his games. No more squenting to see his phòne
The best tablet for kids the 1 year unlimited apps is my favorite my kids love it..
FABULOUS HANDS OFF TECHNOLOGY, A MUST IN A BUSY HOUSEHOLD
All my friends have a computer and I figured I would start with the tablet. I am very pleased with my choice.
I like my new tablet which I use only for my reading.
The Amazon Echo is a great tool for home automation. Works with Nest device, TP-Link wall plugins and various other items with ease.
It is a great product! Strongly recommend a must have!
There are many apps for the fire box, and there are many uses. The picture is very crisp and set up in a breeze.
I thought the tablet would be a little wider, its just too long
Good, inexpensive tablet that covers all the basics
This is amazing. And who can beat the price. Features and apps work well as well as touch sensitivity
For the price this is a great value, I considered a laptop, or larger tablets but am quite satisfied with this purchase
Alexia is very handy for general qiestions, music and most trivia type questions. I am very happy we have this handy tool available to "hands free" help for most of our queries.
My old kindle died, so I got a new one. There were only two options available, so I got the one that has a backlight. It's very easy to read on the beach in bright sunlight. And I love the backlight. It doesn't strain my eyes like the iPad does
This is my first kindle but I'm loving it. I picked it up a few days after it was released. One of the things I love the most is I'm a reader but I am not a car owner so I get almost everywhere by bike. I got tired of lugging around heavy hardcover books from the library; now my Voyage weighs less than most paperback books. An extra bonus for me is, it fits in a pocket I wasn't using in my pannier I carry stuff to work everyday. I love the clarity of the text and pressure point page turning versus screen swipes. I also love that I charged it when I got 4 days ago and it is still more than have battery power.
This was a great purchase met needs of 93 old mom in law who needed a large read space for bad eyes
I was so against getting one but finally caved! This is so easy to use and i take it with my everywherePerfect for reading outside or on the train
Everything about it is outstanding except the price!
Bought this Tablet around Christmas Holiday, easy set-up, download apps, & can download e-books, great for under $100. Highly recommend to pick this up!
This was honestly one of the best products I have ever bought!
my third amazon fire, has more features than my old one. battery lastlonger
Great item, fun for the whole family. Great way to save money
I GOT MY ECHO AND AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT, ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I HAVE PURCHASED
Everything I expected with none of the drawbacks I have found in other tablets
This is my second one purchased, what else can I say. Thanks BestBuy
Works well; however, sometimes doesn't connect requiring user to unplug and re-plug to get connection. Needs a simpler way to store home videos. Background sound and music weakens dialog sound requiring subtitles.
This is a great product from concept to execution and constantly expanding functionality and capability!Also, very unexpected sound quality from this little tube! IMPRESSIVE!
This is a great Kindle - it is convenient for school and travel!
Very light to carry and easy to read in all light situations. The battery life makes it great for when you are on the road.
Good deal from Black Friday sales and will make a very good Christmas gift. Kids edition excellent with the rubber bumper case which provides pretty good protection.
Once I figure out all the options I will be able to save money on my cable bill! It offers many channels and movies. Plus you are able to sign up for subscription channels as well. The downside is that it is only on one tv or maybe I just haven't read enough yet!
I purchased two for my grandchildren. They carry the Kindle with them everywhere they go. Great purchase!
I looked at several brands and read reviews of tablets before making my purchase and the Amazon Fire was by far the best. I purchased mine from Best Buy and they had a great price, less than $50!! I highly recommend this product, it has plenty of room for games, books or just to search the web. I love it!!
Kindle voyage is the costliest of the kindle range but its worth it due to light weight and adaptive backlight. Enjoying it so far.
Love it. Going to go back and get a couple of more for the rest of my tvs
Replaced my older (lost during recent move) version. Must admit this model is faster, has more storage and a camera! Love it
Loved Alexa. This gadget is so handy and easy to use.
The kindle fire I purchased does not work. It does not start or charge.
Works exactly what I wanted it for. Camera isn't great, but I had no intention of using it anyway
You can download free apps, take good pics and the resolution looks great!
This was a request from our 7 yr old granddaugter who had always asked her older sister if she could share hers due to we bought this same tablet/size a few yrs earlier. Loved the security/parental control options.Starfall a favorite educational app were told is a must have. Really enjoy Pics/Viber due to their in a different state. Also some games on a time limit. Size and resolution are perfect.
I bought each of my grandchildren 9-7 and it is easy and durable for them. Just don't like that we can't use Google on it. Other than that, they/I love them.
Not the most powerful tablet but is flawless when utilizing the Amazon programs
We got the Alexa on sale for $150 my wife enjoys putting music on whenever she wants I enjoy the information I can get
I mainly use Anazon Echo for streaming radio stations, shopping list, alarms/timers. Volume on the device is pretty decent. Kids love asking Alexa all sorts of questions too. I wish I could turn it on to a radio station instead of an alarm. Overall a good purchase.
It would have been nice if the charging cord was more compatible with other devices.
Works very well. Easy to carry around & connect to wifi.
Good starter tablet for beginner or child. Good quality for the price.
Highly impressed with my purchase. Allows me to use my iPad again since my 3 years old granddaughter finally has her own tablet. Great support and numerous educational apps for children!
This is my third Kindle, but first paper white. This is by far my favorite. I took it to the beach and could read perfectly in the glaring sunlight. I can also use it at night, when my husband is asleep and the room is dark. Lightwieght and easy to tuck away in my purse. LOVE IT!
I love Alexa! She keeps me informed on the weather.r.
excellent value for the price. Tablet works well for my 9 year old!
What can I say, it saves you money. It's a no brainer. Destroys the any other media streamer on the planet. Put your dollars into this device if you want quality.
The Echo has been a great Christmas gift, love the music, news, weather - super easy setup and it just works right out of the box.
Love it and it's accessible for the blind. Music, weather, jokes, sound effects, reads me books, she does it all.
great compact tablet with great coclors and resolution-----decent battery life and good wi fi connectivity
This product is simply amazing , I won't say its e,actly like Apple because it isn't and I previously owned 1 while recording , never been a big fan of apple anyways. This product is ridcously good for the price its being seller for ,similar format to an Ifap but not the same and can use wireless internet! 1024 graphs cs count me in , can be used as a car steel as well with an aux cable! I use amazon all the time and extremely am pleased with this product.bought itmstore along with saw series , where'd all the CDs go!
Echo is fun for the family. You can play music, games, get news and weather.
I have amazon prime and you really get a value out of this tablet if u have the prime. Reading books is good with it, browsing web, video play, music, casual games, good battery life. Only thing thats not so good are cameras .
The whole family enjoys asking Alexa silly questions. We also enjoy playing music on the echo.
My husband bought one and really liked the tablet could fit in his pocket
Everyone should have one. Awesome!! Just ask Alexa any question and she will give you the answer.
MY DAUGHTER HAS ABSOLUTELY NOT PUT THIS TABLET DOWN SINCE I BOUGHT IT...
This is an excellent replacement for my Apple TV. I love it. Quick and easy to use. My whole family enjoys it.
If you are looking for something that will do your daily normal stuff, its a good buy.
Nice to download games works well for kids for a great price !
My old Kindle stopped charging, after 4 years, so I got the Fire to replace it. I really only needed a reader and that is how I use it. The battery runs down MUCH faster than my old Kindle. the price was right so I guess it will work fine.
Alexa is great! I would recommend it to anyone! She answers any question. I ask. I love her for the speaker aspect of things .
Good tablet for adult, it is great when installing xbmc/kodi and stream vidoes online
It works good I would recommend to friends and family
Makes me want to ditch cable since everyone has fought over the firestick.
My daughter preferred the ipad. The apps are a little complicated for her age she is 2.
This is a really good tablet for young kids that loves kids apps.
Must have if you like to read on a tablet. Easy on the eyes and battery last a long time!
The screen is easy to read even on the beach and I love being able to download a new book at any time
I own a high end system with AppleTV 3 and Chromcast media players for Netflix and the likes. I purchased fire tv for 4K. As with other devices I thought I could configure it and forget it. This is not the case with Fire TV. Remote control requires constant attention. Open the back play with batteries, but battery cover back on. Constantly! HDMI port does not work with HDMI switch. It is the only device that I own that does not play well with my switch. Internet connection is poor. Start receiving video won't load errors after a week. I thought perhaps WiFi connection was bad even though no other device had this issue, so I tried wired connection and got same error. Tried restarting it more than any device should need but this did not help. Device is very hot. It is on constantly. No automatic method of turning off when not being used.On the plus side, the interface is the best I seen on any media player. Beautiful picture and screen saver which can be configured. Alexia rocks but limited to basic commands. Amazon Prime integration is excellent as you might expect. Beautiful looking device. After about 10 days I got fed up and returned it. I'll wait for AppleTV to integrate 4K. Hopefully that will be soon.
You can't go wrong either with Kindle or with the price. Very good buy.
Saved on cable bill and bought this on sale at best buy. Great device! Its better than roku and the google chrome.
I got 3 of these tablets for my grandchildren and they use them constantly. Very good price. A little difficult to set up.
It was very easy to set up. We are still in the learning stages of usage, so far it's quite exciting, can't wait to use it more
It is a great addition to the family. Very simple to set up and to program. Once you understand the programming the set up is great!
The kindle is a good tablet and would recommend to others
Over all the product is good and works as advertised but lately it is constantly having issues keeping enet connection and even worse has issues updating. We were told this is a larger amazon network issue.
The Amazon Fire Tablet is great for book reading and simple apps.
Great product purchased for my elderly parents. Very user friendly and inexpensive!
works like a charm, easy to use, faster product. highly recommend.
and it holds a LOT of data plus you can add more storage... been using it a lot.
Bought two of these for our kids and they are loving them. Great value for the price.
Last year I bought other tablet and this year this one it is really a better then any other brand.
Good tablet for a 1 yr old. At first was not interested and still not but bought in in case and maybe one day if they decided to use it on a road trip. Good product for the price
Was looking for something small I could use to get on the Internet and check emails and this is prefect for that
This kindle paper white has a built in light and it helps a lot when you are reading especially at night.
I purchased this after trying the Insignia 8" tablet which unfortunately had a charging problem. The graphics on this tablet are OK, though the contrast is not as good as the Insignia's or other more expensive tabs.Integration with Amazon for reading is excellent. Tablet is responsive and speedy. Construction is sturdy and heavier than the Insignia. The Silk browser runs well for all the sites I visit.
The Paperwhite is great for reading indoors, outdoors and at night. No glare and back light adjustment makes it awesome. Get one!
Yeah!!!! I like it... Very convenient to use... The quality was excellent too...
Great tablet for a beginner. I'm impressed with its features
great black friday deal for a mediocre tablet. android os though!
So many features than even my 5 yr old has no prob using it . Love it
We don't have the best wifi in our house which caused the firestick to continually buffer. Since getting the fire tv we almost never have buffering, it's quicker and much more reliable.
This product is a godsend! Helps me stay organized with my to-do list! Keeps me out of the rain by providing weather alerts! It's allowing me to work on my dance moves by playing all the tunes! LOVE IT!
I love this fire tablet. I can do anything on it, and my 5 year old loves playing games on it too.
Definitely easy to use, easy to download books, and navigate pages.
I had 2 other tablets that worked terrible. It wouldn't even take e-books from the Library! But this is the perfect balance between an e-reader that could get boring to some people, & a tablet, that uses up the battery real quick. And you don't have to connect to a computer to download the e-books either, which is a real convenience!! So I would have to say this cute little tablet is really a lifesaver for a lot of really Poor people, that can't afford to buy expensive electronics. If they lose it, breaks. or gets stolen, they could easily just go buy a brand new one. The goal is to stay connected to the mainstream. It is easy to carry on the bus, bring to the park, maybe a classroom, or library, dining room, coffee shop. And not a big worry about losing a lot of $, if it got lost. Plus, with the "Amazon Cloud", You would never lose any of the e-books, that you paid for, & can use on all you devices. This should be considered a Gift-package from Amazon, especially for new people that never had a chance to own their very Tablet, & always have to run to the library, or borrow someone else's. Penny
I love my Amazon echo! I utilize it with Amazon Music. Are use other music services like Pandora and I heart music. I listen to audiobooks and podcasts also
Perfect tablet for the budget-minded. Obviously not as powerful or flashy as many other models, but at this price point, you can't go wrong.
It is a very good product and the attention of employees was very good
Amazon Fire TV is a great media streaming device. I made the decision to cut the cable when Sling TV started providing the ESPN family of channels on its app. But the question was: which device to get. I was already an Amazon Prime member and had a Netflix subscription. So I needed to find a device that had those apps, plus Sling and Hulu. Amazon Fire TV and Roku 3 were the only devices to carry all the apps that I was using and wanted to use. I read many reviews and both devices seemed to be good. So I rolled the dice and got the Amazon Fire TV. It was super easy to connect to my TV and Home Network. I was up and running in under 5 minutes. Haven't missed cable tv for a single minute. I like Amazon Fire TV so much that I got a 2nd unit for another television in the house. With a good HD antenna and streaming media device, you will never miss cable! Best of all, I am now saving over $100/month.
Purchase was to replace Fire HD 8.9 that was left on a plane (found & return 50 days later). Like this smaller version due to size & it's 3 years newer on the technology side.
My wife's old kindle stopped holding a charge. So to surprise her I stopped by my local best buy and picked up this kindle. This kindle is great. Its has a display that rivals my samsung tablet pro and has a long battery life. My wife uses it every day. This is great for any book worm or if your looking for a tablet on a budget.
Fantastic option for those fed up expensive unnecessary cable and satellite services.
This was a good investment. That being said do yourself a favor and buy a SD Micro card and add it on before you download anything. Makes it run that much smoother
works............................................................
perfect and easy for the kids to use, keeps them busy
The Kindle Paperwhite is the best bang for your buck when it comes to purchasing an E-reader.
I was a little concerned about the advertised display resolution, but it's good enough for my uses. It's not as sharp as a lot of the other tablets on the market, but it only cost $50. That makes it so I'm not so concerned if it gets broken or lost. I've watched some videos on it and the display seems fine. Mostly I use it to read e-mails and surf the web. As this is my first tablet, I'm still learning about its capabilities and limitations. I've taken only a few photos on it and it is not as sharp as a lot of other phone/tablet cameras, but still serviceable.
Bought for kids. Happy with purchase.May get one for myself
Was given as a gift to someone who needed something simple. The price was great for what it can be used for!
Nice for all the basics Would have been nice to be able to download a mp3 music downloader
I had previously purchased the fire stick. It works good and had what you need. I bought the TV model. It's super fast. I love it and would highly recommend it!
I spend a lot of time looking at a computer screen; when it comes time for leisure reading, it is nice to have relief from bright light. The paperwhite Kindle provides a very eye-friendly experience, with sharp text even at a small size. And there's no struggle with holding open pages of a book. Unlike the Kindle Fire, obviously, it is not a good choice for browsing the web or reading e-mail. Navigation between books is not as easy as I would like; a half screen of 6 recent books, with the other half taken up by "recommended" books is not as handy as a full-screen text list of my books would be. But the actual process of reading is easy, and there are a few tools for note taking and seeing how frequently other people highlight sections of text. Cross-book text searching is a great feature, if you need it, too.
This is the reading machine I will recommended for everyone. The sharp font and responsiveness is unparalleled
If your looking for a nice gift this holiday without breaking the bank, this is it. Great responsive tablet with a nice screen good battery life and Amazon echo system. A true bargain
Works great but wants you to buy subscription to get some music you may like, just found out it supports dish network
very good product and service will refer a friend.
Love it I can stream all the stuff that I want to see. Catching up on the shows that's no longer on tv is so cool. I also have amazon prime so I can watch certain movies. Best purchase ever.
Got it for my daughter to read books. She loves it!
My daughter loves that it is pink and she enjoys watching videos/playing on the tablet, which is what really matters. Sufficient and cheaper alternative to the more expensive tablet alternatives.
We are super happy with the kindle fire. We had bought several DVD players for our vehicle that never lasted long due to living on a dirt road, and the kindle fire was a perfect fit for replacing them. Now our almost two year old son loves the movies, shows, and games, along with the books that he can look through while we read. It also doubles as a tablet for me since it gives the options for different profiles. We love it!
Is nice for reading, sometimes the screen is a little slow. Hate the ads on the main screen
This Fire TV meets all requirements. I haven't turn on the Apple TV since I purchased this device.
This tablet meets my needs for going online or killing time when I'm bored. The battery holds longer than my cell phone. The only problem with these is that the port you connect the charger into isn't aligned easily and is pretty cheap. I can see how the tip of the charger would break easily. That is really my only complaint since I only paid 39 dollars when it was on sale.
Really cool product want to learn how to use it more
Christmas present they liked it very much would like.
Love this! Very easy for child or adult to use. Great price too
The paper white is a terrific reader and, for all light conditions, is superior to the kindle fire we had previously. No glare, easy read, easy use, with adjustable type print. We recommend it highly.
I was initially hesitant to buy the Echo, but I am glad that I did. It is quite convenient and great for music.
Great product for streaming your favorite movies and tv shows
This is a fantastic tablet for the price. This is a great alternative to an IPad.
I purchased my Amazon Fire to check my E-mails and play games on it. SinceI have been using it, I check my bank accounts, use for reading and getting answers for problems on the internet. I am a Happy Camper.
This is a really great item for a really great price.
The night reading is perfect. This is a big improvement from the previous model.
It was a toss up between this, the Fire, or the Paperwhite. I wanted something small, mainly for using w/Kindle; a color screen, expandable storage & wiFi capabilities. Helllo! It was very inexpensive & the perfect size! Great battery life!
They both love it! And, play or read all they can.
Nice tablet for the price. My son liked it. Was easy to use
I had a Nook for several years but did not get good service from Barnesand Noble so I switched to the Amazon Kindle and I am sooooo happy!
The amazon fire tablet 2016 is quite good. It provides sufficient content & ability to do all of the basics one requires in a tablet. The 8 inch screen is bright and provides various settings. The tablet's light weight makes it very portable.
I would recommend this streaming box. This is one of those things that everyone should own.
Great product and easy to use. Plays news, weather, music, games, and more
Purchased two of these as Christmas gifts. Both individuals love them. Has been used constantly since received. Great size for holding in your hand easily.
Works well with my amazon account. Its great to take along when awaiting for appointments.
Is very good tablet for the price is worth it I will buy one again
I love it, all you have to do is to talk to it. I have another system I don't use just for no look for the remote. The bad thing with the Echo is that sometimes can understand what we are asking, but even that is fun.
I was hesitant to buy this before but now feel that I made the right choice. Alexa syncs well will spotify and smart bulbs.Apart from listening music and too lazy to switch on/off lights, i can get an update about nearby traffic, weather before even getting out of the bed.
Great value . Just as fast as any $100 tablet . Tons of free app via Amazon underground
My kids are pleased.............I am happy I made this purchase!
I belive this tab is one of the best low priced tab on the market. There are a lot of free apps and the screen resolution is supurb I would recomond this tab highly!
I bought this for my child and she loves it it does everything she wants it to do and more
I had previously purchased the Amazon Fire TV Stick, which worked OK, but was lacking in some areas. I upgraded to the full-blown Amazon Fire TV mainly because of the faster Wi-Fi that is included. It makes a substantial difference when streaming HD content. Additionally, this unit has a faster processor and more memory than the Fire TV Stick. To me it is well worth the extra $$.
I purchased this tablet for my grandchildren over the holidays. they are 3 and 6yrs old. they love it . it's easy to use - and they are able to scroll through the programs easily.
Bought this tablet on Black Friday for a little bit of a deal and it was too good to pass up. I don't use it as much as I thought I would but it's still really fun and easy to use. There is an advertisement on the lock screen but I'm willing to deal with it for the price. Battery life lasts a while and it's fairly easy to use and understand.
Love it. Does more than just allow me read can go online
I love the Amazon Echo. This is a great product that simplifies the Automation in home.
I love this charger...charges my devices super fast and I don't have to wait hours
I liked the idea of having both my Kindle and Tablet in one.
Great..I love it..Glad I got it..My nephew loves it.
The Amazon Fire is one of my go to prizes for work incentives. It is a lower cost a key that works great and has a name brand.
I always take me tablet when I go to get my hair done. It makes time go by faster when I'm under the hair dryer!!
Does what it is supposed to do.
The kids absolutely love this tablet! Grabbed it while it was on clearance and ordered kid proof cases with them also! It's been great for road trips and all!
I gave it to my mom for a gift. She loved it lot..
Tons of value, if you want a budget tablet look no further.
Great. I'm cheating on Siri with Alexa, She gets me!!! Well done AI, seemless intergration with other smart products. Just a joy to have around. Microphone picks up commands from a distance. Very well done. I bought 2 Echo Dots for other rooms.
Without costing a ton like the Apple TV, the Amazon Fire TV has everything a cord cutter could want.
Great entertainment devicegood brand, quality and price!
Very fast and no problems loading apps onto the screen. Great price
The quality is great with an affordable price my kids love this product!!!!!!!!!!!
I purchase this for my wife; it work well but I think that this version es too expensive, the difference is a light
I am very happy about this Amazon tablet purchase at Best Buy and it is working great.
This is one of the coolest things I own. With the 3.99 music unlimited plan I can request any song or album plus all of the wiki and current news/weather features. New content and features are added daily.
I didn't want to spend a fortune on something, I just needed a quality tablet to read my books, check email, play on Pinterest and Twitter, etc. This price is phenomenal for the quality. I actually bought one as a gift a few weeks later.
Very nice speaker. Easy to use great voice recognition. Kids love it
enjoying reading via the device; lots of options is also a plus; a little heavy to hold when reclining
This Tablet is awesome and so Powerful and easy to use
Too expensive. Should be included, at no extra cost, with the Kindle.
Easy to use, great product. Cost is great, many features.
I purchased two Amazon Fire pads for my kids. It has everything they need and you can't beat the price!!!
Quick with fun facts. Great for playing various genres of music rather than searching for radio stations.
I was looking for and cost effective solution to satisfy my childrens desires to have there own SmartPhone to play Games.I like the Parental controls, to limit certain actions and downloads.
So happy I went with the Kindle Paperwhite. LOVE it!
Got this as a gift for my best friend. It arrived very fast; packed nicely; gift wrapped. Quality was great
Bought for my grandma and she loves it. Very easy and simple to use.
My son loves to play it...........::::........:....
Easy to use. A useful source for kids activity while on the road load up movies books and games! Cheap product but great use good education for ur kids too
Great little device to save money. Streams live and on demand TV. Great way to save money on TV subscriptions
This product is great for reading, especially in the sun.
If you're a movie nutt and want to save on cable..
This tablet is easy to use but if you need to use play store, so I don't recommended because it doesn't have
Overall I find to be better than cable. Better line-up of channels to choose from, and no outrageous bill.
It's a wonderful tablet for younger kids. Parental settings and a kids mode
Great the service was great and I really like it.!
Charges good, sturdy charger, feels like good quality not like the plastic feeling you get from buying from those cheap types of charger.
The paperwhite is wonderful. The functionality is great, battery life is awesome, and is so much better than trying to read a book on my phone. Recommend to anyone who loves to read, especially at night. Very easy on the eyes.
This is a great tablet. This was the best one i got
I love watching FiOS on this tablet! I like that I can check my emails and go onfacebook at the same time.
Three of my children have 1 of these tablets each and really love it. Don't like that it doesn't have google chrome or PLAY store but a solid tablet for a great price.
Really like this pretty easy to set up I love the bumper also the free time settings when time is up that's that and no figthing with mom. I thought I saw something stating that the free time feature is only free for one year so rating may change if I find this to be true. Would hate to be charged for what the kindle was intended for.
Great product. The smart home integration is amazing.
Bought this so my wife could listen to music without dragging a cell phone around. She was sceptical for a couple minutes until it was set up. Now she just loves her new Echo and uses it for all kinds of tasks.
Fire TV provides a full range of choices from multiple sources, including Amazon Prime, Netflix, and Showtime Anytime, among others..
The 8 In Fire tablet does everything my nexus 7 tablet did; but also has the added benefit of expandable storage.
Overall we enjoy our new Echo tower. The speaker is not the same quality as our Sonos or Bose speakers but the convenience of being able to ask Alexa to play a song or find a style of music or tell you the weather or traffic as you are running out the door make up for the quality. The kids love asking her to rap or tell a joke. I look forward to syncing Alexa to more of our IoT items to make controls "hands free".
Kids Kindle was a Christmas present for great grandson age 4. His mother has downloaded many word games and etc. from Amazon's childrens library. A big feature of the Kindle is the case and the 2 year no fault warranty. His Mother says he loves the Kindle and uses it all the time. Great purchase.
Get Amazon Prime movies, Netflix, YouTube, but Apps are very limited. No Facebook. Can't get any good games that I know of and I don't need the Premium Movie channels because I get them with my cable. Enables me to use my older TV, which is not a Smart TV to access these services. Good deal. Might get another one for the guest room which has no cable box and the same type of tv.
This product is very helpful in my day to day life as well as entertainment. I love playing a music on Amazon Echo when I am not in mood searching them in youtube.
Love Amazon however their tablet limits you to using their browser and their apps. Go online and you can get around them and download google and the playstore. Made my Fire into regular android tablet. Much happier now.
Easy to set up and durable grandpa dropped it and no issues
I spend more money taking my family out to dinner for a night than I spent on this wonderful little thing. I picked up a rubber guard and screen protector from another big box retailer and have a perfect tablet for my two-year-old for less than 70 bucks. This tablet has a kids profile mode which makes it perfect for your little one but also all the apps and great Amazon accessibility for the adults. I took a star off for the tiny amount of internal memory which gets used up extremely quickly so I would definitely recommend a micro SD card and making sure you change the settings to store your apps on the card and not be internal memory. Otherwise no complaints and several places on the Internet will tell you how to use another big-name App Store to download your favorites.
I purchased the Amazon FireTV to access Playstation Vue, thereby reducing my monthly cost of viewing from $130.86 to $35 (other package viewing options available at affordable costs). The FireTV is 4K compatible providing a great picture with my 4K and non-4K TVs, no noticeable lag time with transition between channels or other options, and it can be used for cost effective/free streaming. I now have more very affordable viewing options than I ever had! I love the Amazon FireTV and would definitely recommend it to anyone!
Processor is speedier than the Fire stick and almost no lags. HD quality content readily available.
This tablet is a great tablet for the average user. It has decent sound quality and works great as a reader
Got this tablet for my 7yr old for Christmas and she loves it. It very simple to use for children and I love playing on it too.
The Echo works really well for us. We stream music on it almost every day and my wife loves it. We weren't big Amazon users in the past so we don't use all of its functions but they just added a function that links it to our family calendar app and now we can add items to our grocery list just by asking Alexa.
Music and timers, jokes and light controls, at first it seems like a might be nice to have and then you realize just how much it really can do and you need it...
so far daughter really likes it and it alexa sang her Happy Birthday! had no problem with getting it started either.
Great for Amazon Netflix etc... Even better for more advance users Kodi!!
"An inexpensive 'Tablet"' was the request on the Angel Tree at my son's middle school and we didn't even have to think twice about it. Unfortunately we get no feedback on the performance of these gifts but we hope and pray that it brings some happiness to the recipient. God Bless Us everyone!
Great impulse purchase, have enjoyed setting this up as my first smart home device and linking all the other systems through it. Easy to set up and easy to set up with my smart home devices. It's be one of the most enjoyable devices having here at the house. Nice to be able to control different things around the house by just using my voice.
not as good as the first kindle fire I got and ok product.
If your looking for a affordable gift this is it!.
This tablet is sufficient for secondary use. At times searches are slow and memory is limited.
Apps for square, PayPal, and such not available bought thinking best option for business. Not so. Needed inexpensive great. Need certain apps check before buying.
son is enjoying the whole tablet. He is glad it is a quality product, bought from our favorite store.
This is a great little tablet to carry around. Love that it is easy on my eyes and has very clear picture.
Not a bad product but you only need this if your streaming or viewing 4k content on a 4k tv
I ordered this tablet as a cheap replacement for my niece, but quickly found out how well made the tablet is. Not only that the version of android it uses is smoother than i expected. Nice tablet.
Perfect size, works great, great streaming quality.
Bought this gift for my wife and she loves it. Works as expected.
I purchased for reading. It has been everything I have expected.
Works great with hue lights and great speaker. Like the part where you can set alarms tell it to add items to your shopping list also just the weather news sports
My wife uses this to watch our diabetic 5 year olds sugar levels through the website we have set up
I loved this tablet Has games and is super fast. Great tablet
This item is great. I would buy it again. Highly recommended.
It's affordable, great for kids, it's very good.:)
I like this device it is great to customize and use it for android development .
Bought it for my 14 year old daughter who is autistic. She had no problems figuring out how to work the tablet. She's on it everyday!
This product was a good price. It lets me read the books I want as well as access the internet. Overall a good purchase.
Ordered multiple products. Both are great. One I have purchased before.
Think this will be a great product for my parents it is a Christmas gift.
I purchased this simply for reading kindle books. I was able to get it with a reward certificate for $40. It's biggest issue is glare, more so in the sunlight. I bought an anti-glare screen protector and it made a huge difference, but it is still difficult to read in the sun. I'm still very happy with the product.
Purchased two for my 8 yr old twins. They love them and the tablets have held up under their abuse. Only issue was not being able to fully block purchasing. Lots of in app amazon ability.
Does the job for a 50 dollar tablet. I used it to watch movies and music. Worked great for that. Get it!
Bought a 2 blacks, blue & orange. These tablets are amazing & awesome price. I would like to purchase a purple one for myself.
Excellent tablet for everyday use. It is not as responsive as the iPad Mini but can't beat the prices.
The Echo is great! Be sure and check out the Alexa skills!
The paperweight is a fantastic e-reader and the best I've ever used. Great display, fantastic battery life, and a very adjustable front light system work together to create an amazing reading experience. The only thing I would change would be to make it water and dust resistant for beach use. (Which is rumored to be coming in the next model)The ability to borrow ebooks from my library and download them directly on my Kindle is fantastic!
Touch is not good. Also very limited apps on amazon app store.
The price, design, size,and the resolution is perfect!
I've been using both Roku (embedded into LG TV) and the Amazon Fire Tv. The true winner is the Amazon Fire TV since it always works, very fast, as expected, no issues, no bugs. The Roku instead is slower (takes time to react and load content). I mainly use Netflix and YouTube. Amazon Fire TV delivers outstanding menu navigation and fast response while searching/navigating through content (movies, tv shows, videos). Also Amazon Fire TV is always on and ready and you can take advantage of Alexa to use your voice to command (useful from time to time).
Bought this for my adult son who had a long flight and he absolutely loved it! Definitely recommend!
I bought the echo for its music abilities and the ability to listen to the radio. My only wish is that amazon finally allows amazon music to be played as an alarm.
The best kindle that I ever had!It is great if you love reading and really want to have the feel of handling a book.Great for indoor and outdoor reading
I bought as a gift for my mom she loves it it's easy to use. She can take photos, watch movies, browse internet
This tablet is affordable and easy to use. I highly recommend it!
If you were looking for a tablet thats cheap, this is it. Great for watching netflix
Its a very nice product to purchase. They give you 1 year of free stuff from amazon. You can download all kinds of apps. Great tablet.
I'm a traditionalist who loves real books and buys mostly hardcovers. As a consequence, I resisted getting a Kindle for a long time. I'll have to admit now that I wish I'd gotten one sooner. A tremendous amount of research must have gone into the way readers interact with real books, because nothing about the Kindle gets in way of actual reading.
This model has an excellent screen resolution and size. Very easy to use and navigate the functions. Web browser works great. The backlight is super helpful and does great in the sun for outdoor reading. It's small and lightweight size make it easy for me to carry in my purse. I would recommend this to anyone
Super fast streaming TV. Great content. Endless entertainment
It was for my niece she absolutely loves pink. And has been playing it since I gave it to her
For two girls that love to play games and take with them
The kids love it. They ask it silly questions which to my amazement it has an answer. I really like for the music aspect. Just tell it a song and it finds it
Good device for anyone to use- simple, basic yet fun.
Excellent for what I or family want to use it for and the price IS nice!
I like the ease of operation of this Kindle. Easy to read, easy to adjust, easy to obtain books quickly, Good place to store a library that you can take any place.
pretty good, works great and is very easy to install,
Favorite streaming device hands down totally worth it.
excelent costumer service i love the store you will find everything
Perfect tablet for kids. Easy to use and a great size
I have purchased two of these for my children. This is sturdy and easy to use. There are parental controls as well. My 12 y/o and my 10 y/o operate these with ease. I am thinking of purchasing one as a gift for my mother.
Bought it for my nephew and he loves it;his old one was slow and the space for bigger apps was limited.Good parental controls.
Kindle fire is great for kids. Not only is there educational games, but if they break it they are not that expensive to replace. Also with Best buy you can get a replacement plan for them. This is the only tablet we will be getting for the kids for now on.
The Amazon box works so much better than the fire stick less lag and buffer.
This was a starter Kindle for my grandson. Since I already have a Kindle Fire Tablet that I love, I had no hesitation buying this for someone else. I chose this tablet because of the childproof case and the extended replacement warranty since the gift was for an adolescent boy.
We like watching movies and tv shows on the fire stick
This amazon fire tv was a great gift. many movies at your finger tips
Easy to use Does a good job of voice recognition
We use this for educational purposes for my kids - they love it!
I bought this for my dad. He had my sister's original Kindle Fire and it died. So for Father's Day, I bought him a new one. He loves it. He loves that it is a tablet and a Kindle in one great bundle!!
I love the eco it has been on of the best things I have purchased in a long time.
This product works better than the smart tv function of our current tv, simplifies the process and especially the search function. no more clicking and scrolling thru the alphabet...just speak it and let it search for you - that alone is worth the $
I bought this for my family for Christmas. It is wonderful.
I purchased this during the black friday sale. I'm happy with the overall product with the exception of two things.1.) the auto brightness control is not good enough for me, its either too bright or too dark. I can't figure out if I'm having issue with the colors or something else.2.) the 2nd issue is not with the tablet itself but after using this for a while i've realized using 8" tablets for watching movies is not a good experience.
Set up was easy and I use it everyday. I check the weather, sport scores and play games with it.
It took me a bit to warm up to it, going from a 10" tablet to this little 7", but it is rapidly becoming my go to. The video quality is great, and the audio is more than adequate for a small tablet. I love the convenience of having a smaller tablet - my only wish is that the battery life was a bit longer than the 7 hours. That said - in sleep mode it lasts days. Very happy, and will be purchasing a larger Fire tablet in the future.
Alexa is super helpful to have around for reminders alarms and info. good sound to the speakers as well and can have in any room with an outlet.
This has been a great solution to use one device to broadcast Netflix, Amazon Prime videos, Spotify and Pandora! Lots of other possibilities yet to try but very happy with ease of connecting and convenience when using!
This tablet is better than you think you'd get for the price. Decent design and it's faster than most tablets in this price range. Not a fan of Amazon's Fire OS and wish it had Android but most of the apps are available so it's not a major issue. Overall great buy!
I read a huge number of books in Kindle format. This Kindle Fire is perfect for that. It's just the right balance between screen size and easy carrying. It also is great for Audible users (you will want to install a micro SD card, though). You can also use it to watch Netflix and the like, although I don't. As a tablet, it leaves a lot to be desired. If you are looking for a tablet, give this a pass. It has a lot of system lag, and Wifi reception is terrible even in areas where other devices show a strong signal!Also, you should know that you can't access any apps on the Google Play store; it's locked into Amazon. None of that bothers me because like I said, I only use it to read/listen to Kindle books, and this device works perfectly for that. Bottom line: if you just want a Kindle reading platform with some extra functionality, this will work well for you. If you're looking for the full Android tablet experience, look elsewhere.
I bought as a gift and it seems to be a pretty good tablet the only down side is the quality of the camera. The picture quality is not great
Way better than the Amazon stick. No buffering love it
I can't say enough great things about the Fire HD. At it's low cost you can still do almost everything a $600 IPAD can do. If you want a great tablet at a low cost look no further than Amazon Kindle Fire's.
Great purchase. Easy to operate and smooth transaction.
Works great. Very responsive compared to the Fire stick
Got it for my son and he loves it! Definitely would recommend it!
I was able to get this for a great price an my son is able to read books and of course play games. Great price and purchase!!!
I just got this a few days ago, and very impressed with how lightweight it is! The device has taken all the best things and compacted it into a stick that take up minimal space.
My children love this tablet! Great tablet for the price!
This is my first eReader, and it does not disappoint. It's comfortable to hold and it's easy on the eyes for extended reading. The adjustable controls for lighting work great. The only negative for me is that the eBooks my library system uses are not compatible with it. If this is an issue check first.
I love my kindle. I bought the larger screen after owning 2 previous 7 inch screens.
I bought this for Christmas for my niece. She loves it. She's four years old
Perfect size reader, no fuss, websurfing, videos, netflix, hulu, no problem
I especially like the integration of Netflix and the voice control.
My kids (10 & 11) both got one of these for Christmas and they have been attached to it since opening it. Great for all the games they like and watching Netflix and it was a fairly priced device which are all the reasons we got them. Not sure if it has everything an adult would want in a mobile device since I didn't get it for me but my kids sure do seem to love it so I can definitely say I recommend this for a young child.
I bought a bunch of these as gifts. They were a huge hit. The tablet has better functioning than its older versions (which also cost 3x more). I would 100% recommend anyone that wants a tablet for recreational daily uses like searching the web, reading, watching videos, playing games, and checking mail.
This is a very good product my kids do homework on it
This item was meant for my mother in law but decided to give to my 17 year old daughter she absolutely loves it
Fun thing to have. And the voice activation for lights and everything is really cool
This is a must for Prime members great sound and can be used as Bluetooth speaker to boot.
This makes tv more fun easy setup just plug and play.
Perfect for checking emails. Small, but not too small to watch my favorite shows/movies!! Would highly recommend!!
This product met my needs perfectly. It was easy to set up and portable to use anywhere.
I love this tablet! Very easy to use and navigate.
Bought these for my children they love the camera on them. The last one they had didn't have s camera
Bought this for my 5 year old girl. She immediately fell in love with it. And the fact that it has a year damage warranty, it was a no brainer
this is my favorite set-top box. You have all the same functions as the others but you can also side load apps as well such as Kodi and emulators to play old school games like Super Mario and Zelda. If you have amazon prime the Alexa feature is pretty awesome as well finding music on prime and getting random information.
I purchased one for a family member after listening to a friend tell me all of the ways in which he used his own Echo. It is easy to set up and extremely convenient. I liked it so much, I decided to buy one for myself.
Great addition to making the home "smart" keeps getting better and better so far
We bought this as a gift. The gift receiver said it was easy to set up and works very well and as advertised. It is small enough to fit in any area of the home. It was a good gift choice.
Got this for my granddaughter she loves it was a hit at Christmas good first tablet
Sound quality is amazing. I really like the ability to take this on the go. Downside. I wish I didn't have to press the button to talk and to wake the product up
Super easy to setup, I would even say you can cut cable tv if you put kodi on it. I have several thought the house and it never seems to be slow.
it was easy to hook up . there is a learning curve as in how to ask it questions
best media player under 100$amazon is the best!!!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my sister, and she can't put it down. Battery life is great, and she has found so many great books to read at great prices, and even some free titles she is excited to start reading. It is smaller than I expected, but that makes it easier to take on trips.
Fun product, does what we ask. Alexa is worth the investment
My kids have two kindle fires already and decided to add a third for the youngest. You can't beat the price of the tablet and with parental locks I am able to decide what they can access and what to block.
Great sound and very responsive to voice commands. Looking forward to using the other skills.
Nice price for all you get great product all best buy employees
This readeri is compact and fits nicely in my bag. Easy to use, controls for children are very effective. Am glad I bought it.
excellent for kids and safe cover so if dropped it survives
I bought this tablet for my granddaughter. She loves it, it's easy for her to use, and just right for her size.
The fire kid edition 7 is good but not great. Volume is pretty low. But my son throws it around and it doesn't break. Case is stone hard. I also the the brightness on the screen can be a bit low.
Dropped FIOS TV, and Amazon Fire TV + HDTV Antenna was an easy replacement.
Good unit. But i have to reconnect the wifi often when using netflix
This is my second kindle purchase for a child under 5 years old. It's the most functionally and practical tablet. My first kindle is still working fine and my daughter has had it for 4 years now and it has grown with her. My kids love them, and I also received one for myself as a gift so we now have 3 in our household and none of them have been damaged at all. Despite how clumsy my children can be. I highly recommend the kindle!!
Much sleeker and touch response is better. Even wifi connection seems faster might be due to new processor and increase in RAM
So long cable, well worth it. All you need plus more.
I was skeptical, mainly due to the fact that I didn't think I would need it. We've only had it a day and I don't know what I would do without it. Alexa is very responsive and much more user-friendly than Siri. There's still more figuring out on my end, but the possibilities are endless.
The salesman was very good pointed us in the right direction. The tablets are perfect for our triplet grandsons.
I love this kindle. I've never had one before but I would definitely recommend one to those that are avid or casual readers. No glare, easy to use, easy to bring anywhere.
This is fantastic! We're finally tapping into the world of "Smart homes". However, with all the different devices, brands and apps it makes controlling all the devices a little bit cumbersome. So you can either get one brand and stick to it... OR... you could get this! The Amazon Echo consolidates and integrates ALL your devices. So now you can control all your devices, regardless of the brand, through the Echo. Also, the voice recognition is top notch.
I liked it so much I got 2 and the battery life is amazing. I will buy more when ever they go on sale I have 8 grandkids, these would be perfect for them.
I never thought I'd like an e-reader. I'm kind of a dinosaur... I like real books... the feel.... the smell.... ah! But, alas, I travel a lot and I read even more. At my age lugging around a bunch of books in my carry-on was becoming less enjoyable. So, after my last journey I decided to try a Kindle.Well, I must say I'm not going back to paper! It downloads titles in seconds, holds a mini-library, and fits easily in my purse. I'm still on my first charge. The light in the display makes reading in low (or no) light possible. The screen prevents glare. And, the controls are easy enough for a techno-phobe such as myself. Fantastic!
This is a great little tablet for people who want to learn more of the modern world. Simple programs, easy hook up to wifi and an easy touch screen. The only down side is the lack of memory, which is ok since this is my kids first tablet.
Love the fire stick. And the price wad the best price compared to other stores
Great starter to teach young children how to play games with parental control of what game,movie or music sites. And the plastic protector case is included
I am glad that I made this choice for both my kids: they love this gadget it has things for them to learn and play. Great thing about this is customized content for children
It's great to some extent but I was expecting more. It's unfortunate that it does not work with lots of apps. Perhaps I'm not using them correctly. I'm still learning.
Good product. Love how light and sleek it is. Will recommend.
Very expensive charger. I think the kindle should come with it as does all other tablets, including the fire, which is way cheaper and includes the charger for just 50. It is a pretty large charger though and doesn't fit in the kindle box with the kindle, at all.
Love the larger screen and picture clarity. It is very easy to use.
Better than expected for the price. Sturdy enough for regular use, fast enough for streaming and fits nicely in the hands or on the lap.
This was my second smart home purchase, the first being the Nest Thermostat. We bought the Alexa with the smart Hue Color Lights. Set up was a breeze. Linked to my Dish Reciever and my Serius XM account. Shutting on and off lights is as simple as telling Alexa. I love how you can change the color and intensity of the lights. Everyday new skills or software is available. After using this for a week, it has convinced me that a smart home is the future. One wish, it would be nice if I could turn on and off The nest thermostat through Alexia. Right now you can set the temp or ask what the temp is but there are occasions where we open the windows and I don't want the AC kicking on so we manually turn the thermostat off. Great product....wait for the sale, it knocks off about $100.
This tablet is great for my kids watching youtube and netflix on.
Boxed well, easy to set up, and pretty easy to get the hang of.
This is the best streaming device in the market. Fast & easy setup. Allows u2 program it and hookup peripheral devices such as mouse, keyboard.Firestick is only 2.4Ghz, so make sure to get the box. It also has ability to stream via hardwire.
The Echo provides so much. Once you learn how to use it life can rum smoother. It offers so much not sure I can ever learn all it offers
I wanted a different gadget with a unique featured searchshopp and reading capacity.
Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others
Very useful
Great for reading and Netflix. Fits nice in purse. Good price.
My husband's previous tablet died a sudden death, so I gave it back and bought this FIRE. The sound volume and quality is much better.
Useful for weather, news and listening to music while in kitchen. We have used to control some lights. Great for grocery lists.
This is a nice little tablet for a beginner. Can't beat $35.00!
I was looking for a tablet within a reasonable price range, after doing a little research I decided to give the kindle a try and it was a GREAT decision! It has so many uses and makes it so much easier to get things done than using my phone. I would recommend for any age.
This this my 4th one purchased! My granddaughter is in kindergarten and its a good learning tool!
Very satisfied. Great coverage. Easy to set up. Never misses motion.
Perfect for what it is a cheap tablet, i bought it for my dad and he loves it
This is my second Echo. If you are NOT into home automation, the speaker is worth the price just as a speaker. However, if you have an amazon Prime membership, the Echo really shines with access to prime music and other Amazon services. It is also a good way to start into home automation. I personally have the wink Hub and Relays; Alexa (Echos Siri) integrates perfectly with Wink and IFTTT. I am placing Echos in rooms where I want Wireless music and the dots in the rest of the rooms to control my Smart devices from anywhere in the house.
Amazon Fire is doing its job. Kids play games, access internet. Slower onside of streaming
This is a good tablet for my son to use to play his games.
I bought two of these for my daughters. Works great for the kids and if they drop them and break your not out a huge chunk of money like you would be for an IPad.
As a ebooker reader this is absolutely best in the market right now, very easy to use. Now the only downside is the feeling of touch screen is too rough.
I find the overall function of the system to be good. The Far-Field feature works well. The one thing I find to be weak is the speaker. The sound during play back of music is not crisp nor clean. You could purchase the Dot and connect it to another speaker for better sound...save some money on the unit this way as well.
My son loves the tablet. Ha ugh the freedom to down load any app he wants. He uses it everyday. Only downside is the battery life.
I initially liked the product, the work it does and with the speakers. But then with time you feel bored, in specific if you are listener of hindi music as the songs are repetitive. Amazon Unlimited Music does not holds a very good library of Hindi Music. Secondly, Alexa is probably tuned to answer more of "I don't know". After purchasing, I realized and read more reviews that Google Home provides much better answers to queries put against it and has a wide range of hindi music.
This is a low cost tablet. It offers many of the same features as higher priced tablets. Good buy!
Easy to use. Quick setup. Fantastic screen and the colors are vibrant.
It is fun to use ... requesting music ... asking for sports updates ... asking for weather forecasts ... shopping lists ... much more not even tried yet ...
This is exactly what I was wanting. It's perfect for what I want and it holds so many books!!
I like this reader.. It is easy to read in daylight with no glare. It has an auto backlight that works well in all lighting situations. I like the links to the dictionary, encyclopedia and internet links in the indigenous. This reader utilizes them all.
We had given hand-me down iPhones to the kids to use for car trips and the like a while back and were looking to update them. For the price, this is the best deal. You have access to a lot of the same apps (although you might have to start them over). It has a durable case. And is a good size for little hands. It is very helpful to be able to time activities so they don't have a choice about handing it back over. Only downside is one of our cords doesn't charge as well as we'd like and sometimes it seems a little slow starting certain apps in comparison to our apple products. But if you don't want to pay the apple price, this is the way to go. Kids will definitely be entertained by it!
Stopped working after only a year. Felt flimsy. Did like that I could upload Amazon books
Works great. Love watching all my shows from a single source now.
This is good item to watch program with out all expense
Alexa is absolutely amazing helps with everyday needs
We love the kindle. I intended to purchase a single unit for my husband, who had lost his, and ended up with one for each of us.
Iam just in love with my Amazon echo!! Cam straight home and set it up acting with a WeMo device I ourvsed to test out on a lamp. I definitely recommend an amazon house. It makes everyday question so much simpliar!!
We hooked it up to a wemo switch so our 4 year old can turn on her light, we will sit around the table asking Alexa to play obscure songs, but the best is when we check the weather and our 4yo goes"hey that is what mine (dot) said down stairs". We use it for a cooking timer and making shopping lists. It trully is As some! Yes it has glitches but this learning curve is actually fun.
Alexa doesn't always have the answer to a question I ask but she is a lot of fun to play with. She can be utilized for so many purposes from a timer to playing a specific song. Great fun for all ages!
What a excellent strean=ming player and with the 4k resolution goes great with my Samsung 4k tv
After careful review, i have decided to reward my son with a Kindle paperwhite for his birthday. He has a new Dell lap top and sometimes uses a mini iPad but he really wanted a kindle of his own. I think he enjoys downloading his books to read for school and for leisure.
I had purchased one years ago for my mother. This was a replacement to the kindle. The fire some different features. But keeps my mother busy with mind games and sure help on that long trip to Italy.
Had a smaller version. Love the bigger screen. Use this product more than a computer.
Nice for kids. Has parental control for apps and other functions.
Love how you can ask her to do a lot including lights and cameras . Super fun my grandkids love it too

Great tablet for the beginner or young child. would recomend
I found the color my kid loved. Great kindle only costed $39.99. Fast and responsive. Crystal clear display
Perfect gift for Christmas! After receiving it I ordered another one.
I bought this for my wife for mothers day. She likes it a lot even though I use it more than her. It stays in the kitchen, so we can listen to music while we cook and hang out. The kids love it too.
Originally purchased the fire TV Stick, upgraded for more bandwith and storage, awesome product.
Can't wait to use my new echo, heard such great things about Alexa.
I wanted something simple and easy to learn how to use. And it was just that.
A decent machine for the Black Friday price of under $40. The 8 GB of memory is inadequate if you play games using the Apps. I added a 32 GB micro SD card, but not all the Apps use it and the ones that do, only transfer part of the application to it. All points, coins, etc earned are retained in internal memory, not SD card. Pictures, videos, music can be stored on SD card. Screen is very sharp.
Great price. Purchased for kiddos and seems hard to figure out, no instructions but company emailed me offering help to learn about new gadget from geek squad. Definitely great free apps program with tons of options!
I recommend this product to all!Easy to use.Lots of shows, movies and apps to watch. Great buy for all ages.
I got these for my 4 and 8 year old. They love them
Awesome little tablet for the price. My niece loves it and let's her watch her netflix instead of taking over my tv.
Very easy setup. I love the voice control for searches.I am an Amazon Prime member
Not a 5 star. Has a few problems with remote not staying paired, low storage (upgradeable), buffering issues at times but overall not the worst thing out there.
pretty much everything. very easy to use. like it a lot.
I got this for only $50 with my Harmony remote and I really like the way it works
This item ties in perfectly with my new Alarm system with camera's and thermostat control.
I got a great price on this item, it was a gift and my mom loves it. Easy to start using on day 1.
Purchased this tablet for a nephew and they have thoroughly enjoyed it. They are able to do anything they want with it as well as it being an amazon product they have plenty of options to choose from when it comes to the games they want to play.
WORKS PERFECTLY, NO GLICHES. GREAT SIZE FOR TRAVEL AND IS GOOD IN BRIGHT OR DIM LIGHT.
Great for streaming Amazon Prime amongst others. This is a must have, especially if a 4K tv is owned. Love it. Quick navigation speed, due to the memory and processor this box exhibits.
Can play almost any song on the spot, Does have some trouble with random questions, but overall it answers most.
For some reason I thought seven inches was a lot bigger, probably because I'm a man.
Excellent kindle for the price. Works great and ordering from Best Buy online was amazing.
My son purchased this. He is happy with it but says that it has been updated and the newer one is better.
Got this for my mom for Mother's Day and she loved it
This tablet serves its purpose well. Plenty powerful for an e-reader and basic web surfing. Apps are limited to the versions Amazon has which may not be the latest version compared to the Google store. There is a way to get Google apps on this tablet if you do a little research.
This is a awesome product. My husband and I love it.
This is a great piece of hardware...I love it. really good all around..
Great kindle, perfect size screen, I love using it just as much as my iPad mini and regular size iPad! Easier to travel with!
We use our echo every day. Don't know what we would do without her.
I love my amazon fire tv, there are a lot of great features. I highly recommend it.
Easy to use for children. Multiple color tablet covers.
My 5 y.o. and 2y.o have been using theirs for more than a year now: all kind of dropping and throwing and stepping on, these tablets are still working perfectly! So i get one every time i want to give presents to young ones!
Wanted a small kindle to read books and keep kids busy with games while on vacation. Great price and size. Small enough to carry in your purse or even pocket.
Very easy to setup. The navigation through the system is very simple. Great product
Tablet is great for surfing the Internet and downloading movies to watch on the airplane.
Like all the features and voice recognition is very good. Although the product was setup for Berlin weather which makes me think this was a returned device and resold.
Great Tablet for the price and works really well... Cannot go wrong with this Tablet
Amazing infection by Amazon. No wonder their stock is going up the roof. Very addictive.
Actually decided to buy this after I heard the price that Apple was going to charge fir theirs. Glad I did. This us a great product, easy to set up and sounds awesome.
We don't have cable at our home... We use this and it's great and saves us lots of money.
Only few skills were added to Alexa. And When my kids are asking general educational related it is not giving them right answers.
bought 2 for our granddaughters (7 and 9) and they worked fine however the connection to the charger wore out after a couple of months and are no longer able to be charged. I would recommend adult supervision when connecting the charger for a child.
Love being able to ask it just about anything. Especially weather and music.
I've not yet learned - or taught - Alexa but it does perform a few functions that saves time or adds interest to my life. If there is a link to the skills or learning, I missed it. I think it could totally rock if that were available. I'm quite sure I'm not using it to its full capacity.
Truly I should have tried to get a refund. I threw out the packaging before I realized how poorly it works. This charger only works every third day when held at a particular angle. The planets almost need to align for it to charge my Kindle. Complete disappointment.
I liked it so much I bought a couple as gifts and everyone loves them. Easy for adults and kids to use. Helpful and entertaining
I bought the kindle for my son he go to the college he like
I did my research before I bought this and there have been no surprises. I wanted a nice easy screen to read, and a good battery. The paperwhite has both. For the price it is hard to beat this device.
Love it. Use it everyday, and enjoy the books I have read on it.
it the best for Apps, movies, games and morealso it supports USB DVD drive for playback of DVD and supports sling and playstation TV
This fireTV is the new 4k device. It allows you to sideload apps. It also now allows the sideloaded apps to have icons appear on the app menu. Amazing product. It has twice the memory as the fire stick. And it can be hard wired to your network. The stick is wifi only.
Got the tablet for my daughter for her birthday tablet worked great but the charger cable did not work.
Very nice kindle fire...great Christmas gift...liked alot
It is a great product for the price, does need the expansion card for memory!!!
When I originally wrote this review this remote shipped with the Amazon Echo. Since that time Amazon has made it a separate purchase and dropped the retail price of the Echo by twenty bucks. I purchased my Echo via the Prime invitation for ninety-nine dollars, and at that time it came with this remote, but as stated - it's now only sold as a separate accessory and DOES NOT ship with the current Amazon Echo offered for sale on Amazon for one seventy-nine at the time of this review revision (12/6/15).-----------------------------------This is an excellent accessory for Amazon Echo owners, but please note you cannot pair more than 1 Amazon Echo remote with the Echo at one time.The remote comes with a magnetic cradle which is very handy for storage. (I have my Amazon Echo in my home office, and I store my remote on the magnetic holder which is attached to the side of a wire shelving unit. The remote will not just magnetically attach to metal devices without the holder however.------------------------------------------------What I have found is that using the remote becomes necessary in these scenarios:1. I'm in another room and I want to direct the Amazon Echo to change music or adjust the volume of music that's playing. (Change album, forward to the next song, have the Echo start playing another Amazon playlist from Prime Music, etc...).2. I want to add something to my Shopping List or To Do list when I'm in another room. I pick up the remote and speak into it, having Alexa add those things which then become visible on my list on my smatphone using the Amazon Echo app.3. I want to know the weather before getting out of bed, but the Amazon Echo is in the other room and wouldn't be able to hear me ask.Read more
I would would not recommend this for a child. It's not kid friendly at all. I have purchased 4 of them for my grandson and nephews and 3 was was damaged within a couple months. I think this product is is a better fit for adults.
The Amazon Fire TV is amazing. I highly recommend!
I have plenty of Firesticks. This is an upgrade. Lets me stream faster because it has a faster processor. Family loves it. It knocks down the cable bills.
This is awesome addition to the stationary Echo. I can take this out in the yard or garage when working outside. Great sound and long battery
Great for educational apps for kids; user friendly
This is so much better then the dog. Speaker is very good quality.
We are so happy with our fire stick that we rushed back to Best Buy to another on for our friends.
I am extremely happy with the box, well over the stick. Twice as fast, twice as much RAM and up to almost 30 times as much memory
Pros:-Fast-nice looking interface-good design-great voice search-good amount of most useful appsCons:-It can get tedious to scroll all the way to right to find the app you want.-They have many of the "main" apps but they're still missing quite a few apps that are available on other set-top boxes (Cinemax, Vudu, apps offering 4K content, etc.)-They don't have enough games considering they make the gaming aspect one of their main points of advertising.- Only 8GB of space and you can't use the MicroSD card as extended storage until they upgrade to Marshmallow.- Very Amazon-centricPlease be aware that you cannot play many of the games you can play on your Fire tablet or even your Android phone with Amazon appstore on the Fire TV.
Very happy with my purchase, found exactly what I was looking for when I walked in to the store.
This device is truly a great purchases for me, as I want something very small for a recent travel trip I went on. It made everything simple.
My son really enjoys this. Its his first tablet(he is 4) and had no problem learning how to use it.
Perfect for streaming and an E-reader at a great price.
If you don't want or need something cheaper than an iPad but of quality, this is a great happy medium.The processor makes for a fluid ride with it. It's speedy. The Android Store gives you good app options and the Amazon ecosphere is everywhere here.The software is a touch buggy but it's still a great deal of a tablet.For a child, for something you want to use casually on a dime, it's recommended.
Yes, you get ads on the lockscreen but the Fire OS has improved do much that it makes up for any shortcoming. It's a great tablet for the price
I use this for listening to music, controlling my home, and setting the best alarms. Even my friends are amazed with my set-up.
I was first introduced to this product by a friend and ever since I had seen what it is capable of, I not only bought one, but two! I have referred this device to several family members along with friends and they all agreed how impressive it is.
This was a gift for my wife and she has truly enjoyed it. The different lighting for reading so helpful.
This is an excellent product, and Bestbuy sold it with great condition.
My wife was using her iPhone 6 Plus for reading at night, but she is absolutely loving the Kindle Paperwhite!!
I wanted to give something to my younger brother without being precarious
While this tablet doesn't have the screen resolution that I'm used to it's a nice beginner tablet. Faster than my old Fire HD tablet I purchased years ago...
The Amazon Firestick with voice remote is very easy to set up and very easy to use. The voice remote makes finding what you want to watch very easy.
I like the Kindle but have had to restart it twice as it froze.Still a great way to travel and still have books available to read.
You are streaming over the net so occasionally this will cause some inconvenience but all in all 98% of the time you can utilize this device just as if you had cable or satellite. Time to cut the cord and stopping paying these outlandish supped up prices.
I bought this tablet for my child because he previously had one. Not much storage and the cord strips easily.
This thing is awesome! I got to replace a Bose docking station I had in the garage and I couldn't be happier with it. In order to get full use of everything it can do I would recommend getting Amazon Prime.
Enjoying it immensely. Recommend to anyone. Perfect size to carry in your bag.
The Kindle Fire HD8 6th Generation is Wonderful! My old, old, old one was the 7" screen which was fine, but the 8" is even nicer. It still fits easily in my purse to take along with me. It's great having the camera which takes nice pics. I haven't tried the "Alexa" feature yet, so can't say much about that. The blue shade feature is wonderful for night time reading in bed. With my old one, even on the lowest setting, it would still disturb my husband sometimes. The blue shade provides a soft, gentle color that is easy to read and easy on your eyes. Using the internet is much quicker and smoother on this version as well. It's just better suited to it than my older version was. My only complaint is that the choices for cases are much more limited than cases for the older versions. After lots of searching, I found one on Amazon that I really like, but didn't have much choice in designs/colors.Overall I LOVE my Kindle!
This is a competent tablet at a bargain price. Unfortunately it is crippled by a useless operating system. Amazon's take on Android essentially removes all functionality that makes Android great, to force you to use their services and apps INSTEAD of Google's.If you're a tinkerer or don't mind doing some software hacking, this is a pretty easy fix. You can hack Google's apps and services back into it, resulting in an amazing, and amazingly cheap Android tablet.Unless you're willing to do, or hire someone to do, those software modifications, you'll probably be disappointed. If you are, it'll be the best cheap tablet you'll ever own.It looks like it might be great for kids, even in its stock state. I don't have kids, so I could not test that. But I added a star for that possibility.Unmodified: 2 starsModified: 5 stars
Great gift for my niece and you can't beat the price
Super easy to use and small enough to carry in my purse
Guys, the Tap does everything Echo does and it's portable! Use it at home for everything, at work on your desk for music, weather, etc, and even poolside as a portable speaker.
I was using Nook glow light, migrating to paper white has been the bestKindle store provides plenty of books compared to nookBattery life is excellent , will last 2-3 weeks without recharging with daily use of 2 hours
It is a nice convenient tablet for carrying around.
I brought this tablet for my son for Christmas and he loves it. I would definitely recommend this tablet as a starter tablet for younger kids.
This is the third Fire tablet I have bought. The larger size is nice.
Always content with best buy and their products. I would definitely recommend.
Great rablet, clear screen and small design. Great for watching movies.
This is a very good tablet considering the price. While it is locked down a bit through Amazon, it was primarily purchased for a senior citizen. I felt Much better buying this rather than other similarly priced tablets.
The Amazon Fire TV box is better than using the "smart" software built-in on any Blu-ray player or TV I've owned. Those brands include Sony, Mitsubishi, and Samsung. It is very responsive when navigating menus and making selections. If you're not an Amazon Prime member, be prepared to have that in your face - this is an Amazon device after all. The remote is minimalist in style and has the mic built-in for speaking to Alexa, which is a plus in my book.
This is the best purchase. It has everything and 4k is amazing
When I purchased my device and synced it. I was excited until my voice commands were not detected. One I pronounced Alexa name right (LOL) the she woke-up. The more I used commands with Alexa the easier it became. I am so happy about the purchase. This was a GREAT gift to me!
This was a gift for my son he loves it great price point for an entry level tablet
Probably the best available streaming device. Would recommend this to anybody tired of apple tv's limits!
The Echo is an amazing piece of tech. It only rarely fails to understand what I'm asking it, and connects to virtually every smart piece of tech you own. Love it.
Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
This is a great device, with Alexa, and the battery makes it really portable. It follows me all over the house, on the deck, in the garage, etc.
I've had the Echo for a couple of weeks now. It's gathers a better grasp of my commands with every use. Little expensive for the add ons but worth it
This product is very easy and light to use. Love it.
I bought this for my dad because he loves to read but, sometimes, it's difficult to get to the library in the Winter. So far, he's loving it.
Will update with feedback in due time. I carefully and purposefully chose this product for an avid reader.
Very easy to use by a 2 year old. Love how I can limit the time use.
This is my second kindle. As I travel a lot, I love the ability to get electronic versions of books both through Amazon and my local library.
Great Kindle, my wife had the originally one and this one is better in every way.
This is my second Kindle (the first one lasted several years). I enjoy the ability to read in the dark without background light. The backlight works very well and does not have the eye strain that a tablet may have. With the touch surface, I find it a little too sensitive and have accidentally moved several pages. The side page turn works very well. Much easier to travel with this unit than a large book.
i bought this for my little one . Finally ,world become quiet.
I purchased this tablet for my child for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. He has also dropped it a few times and it hasn't cracked or anything.
We bought this earlier on line from another vendor and it was never delivered. Best Buy was great.
It's an AC adapter. Does it work ok YES. I have about a half dozen of these around the house. I didn't need to buy this.
Kindle paperwhite is very good for reading. I have bought 4. I think it very good both for personal use and gift.
My 10 year old loves this tablet and I loved the price. Very easy to use with my Amazon account.
Was a little skeptical because it was so cheap, but a perfect tablet for my 6year old!
Great tablet for the kids, play games, surf the web, AWESOME , 5 STARS !!!
Nice 7 " screen for less than 50.0. Bought 3Gave to relatives . They love them
Purchased this as a gift for a Senior, very simple to use for her needs.
I bought this as an upgrade from my old Kindle. Works awesome, i can even watch movies through my Amazon Prime. Plenty of apps to choose from. Awesome little tablet.
Easy to set up. LOTS of free tv with this. If you're an occasional TV watcher and pay for cable or Sat service, you just be able to ditch them and put the $ towards something else.
I love this little gadget. Alexa is fun and informative!. A great addition to the family.
I bought 6 of these 4 for my children & 1 for me and my husband. Very easy to set up and for the money they are the best buy in tablets. My kids use them to do their homework as well as play games; great parent control options.
Can't go wrong at 40 to 50 bucks.I also have the 8 inch and prefer the 7 in the hand.I bought the eight for the extra ram 2gb instead of 1 but haven't seen any differences in the 7 or 8 while using it
Works really well. easy to use and easy to download from amazon prime account and other apps
This is a fully functional tablet allowing you to read with comfort and in full sun. I thoroughly enjoy it.
Thanks for making the purchase easy The product is good
He loves it and can watch anything he wants on his own tv
i liked mine so much i bought another this one for my granddaughter
Small and light enough to put in a handbag to keep with you all the time
It was all that my grandson wanted and didn't have to search everywhere to find it.
My family has enjoyed the amazon echo..it gives us the opportunity to listen to different types of music . My family loves sports and they like asking Alexa questions about sports .
This was a gift for my son, who loves this tablet. It's easy to use, set up parental settings, and seems durable.
I would opt for an iPad rather than the Kindle just because of the ease of researching books by authors etc. the only advantage of the Kindle is the attractive comparative price.
Great product for playing games and watching movies on the go.
I love my echo does everything I need it to do. Go amazon
Ouch. I bought this Fire tablet, and used it for about four hours, and left it on a charger. A couple of hours later, I picked up the tablet, and the screen was showing a weird 'ghosting' effect, and then the screen went completely black.I twisted the chassis and screen a bit and managed to get things working again, just long enough to do a factory reset and return the tablet.I'm sure I had a defective/damaged tablet, but I was underwhelmed with the quality, and it would be nice if Amazon brought back the higher quality HDX tablets, for people who don't mind paying more for quality tablets.
Extremely satisfied with the value and performance of the Fire kids edition; highly recommend for age 5 and up.
I picked this up for my dad as a early Christmas gift after he liked using my Echo. Great price and he loves it!
the app for that does not work well i haven't used it that much just for news
Great price, used for my 6 year old daughter on a 12hr drive from texas. kept her busy. used mostly for games.
We bought this for our bedroom and love that we can finally stream movies and tv shows while relaxing in bed. Plus I can shop on my tv from my bed, I love it!!
Excellent tablet for a young child that is very durable, expandable, inexpensive and my grand daughter loves it.
I gave this Amazon Fire HD8 as a retirement gift for my friend and she absolutely loves it!!
Great product. This is my 2nd one. My first one was stolen. It is very user friendly.
Great quality this is the second one I got for my family
The paper white is easy to use and the built in light is great.
I got this for my niece. She loves it! I am happy she is enjoying it!
It was easy to se up but the recipient wished it has an actual manual that you didn't have to download to print a copy. She has yet to use it outside due to weather at this time.
The Kindle is just great for my mom, who would mostly just read on it and download the bible.
Bought for my granddaughter she loves it. She is starting her first series
Excellent product, fast shipping, for electronics bestbuy is number one.
Bought for 4yr old, so older kids would stop saying don't touch that. Comes with durable child case. Large enough to see and hold, but small enough to carry. Easy to use and can download favorite stuff.
I bought this item as a gift, it is definitely worth what I paid for it, it is easy to navigate and has great picture quality, think I'll buy myself one
Excellent Reader and Product for the price. Very easy to use
Great tablet and excellent for kids also. I have been recommending to everyone
Great little box, easy to install and use. You do need to create an amazon account. Great resolution and image.
I love the Kindle paperwhite, but it does not accept any of my games.
I bought it for my nephew and he loves it is just perfect for works better then his hp tablet.
Very high quality item good sound. However preferred the google knowledge of the google home so ended up returning this item.
This is my third one. They get better each time. I love reading out doors without the glare making it hard to see
This is a great product, my 8yr son is completely hooked onto it. The only change I would say it making the interface a little easier to use.
I have several kindles and so this time I choose FireTV. It is good quality and it works as promise.
Easy to set-up and use, can connect easily to phone and other smart devices.
We bought this tablet for my son to do his homeschool classes on, and he loves it!
Great product for the kids gaming apps parental controls to make sure you can monitor kids and prevent unwanted app purchases
Hats off to Amazon - The Echo I started with - not have 2 Dots too in the home. Music, alarms, to do list, shopping list and just home automation is awesome! I'm in the 22nd Century now!!!!
This is not going to compare to a galaxy tab or iPad but it's a good starter tablet for my nephew. I hate the ads that pop up on the screen and wish Amazon would have mentioned that.
give this tablet to my son and was very happy with it!
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for an adopted family. The teenager absolutely loved it!
It was time to upgrade and I'm happy with my choice.
Couldnt have been a better product for day to day reading
For the price this tablet is a very good choice, purchased one for my girlfriend and I and are very happy with them. Good processing capability and resolution is what is expected.
I replaced a lost e-reader on the plane with a new one.
Alexa is quick and intelligent. She can hear you from way farther than I expected. Music and audio sound great as well.
Easy to use, fantastic product plethora of movies, games, and always new content being added
Great to use for a daily use, easy to use and light and great to watch movies.
I purchased it for my daughter and she loves it and the games
We haven't had any issues with this super affordable tablet
Love that you can request music/info by voice command. Or add items to shopping lists via voice command or via app (when away from home)!! We already owned one, this purchase was for my son and daughter-in-law.
I should've bought more when I had the chance. It's a compact tablet and good for the value.
My puppy chewed up the power cord that's came with my Alexa. So relieved that I could get a replacement at a reasonable price.
If you are an Amazon prime member then amazon fire with Alexa is a no-brainer. No need to subscribe to cable tv when amazon fire has all the movies and apps you need. Try it and you will be hooked.
Much better than the stick. It allows you to plug directly into your router. Minimizes buffering by so much!!! Get this over the stick!!
It's very fast and has great picture and for the price you can't beat it
Tablet is easy to work with only can be slow to come up on certain sites
We love this Echo. The speaker is very good both volume and sound wise. We can hear the music throughout the house. It was easy to set up and is easy to use. No complaints here!
Replaced my original Kindle (which I used to death!).........new one is even better......great quality for the price!
OTT= Over the Top digital television is the wave of the future for the TV industry. Amazon Fire TV is leading this revolution.
Love this tablet have had several others but this brand works everytime..very happy with my purchase
Paperwhite feature is perfect for intended uses. Outside, on the beach, at night.
So far has done essentially thing I have asked of it. It has so many more capabilities so I have just scratched the surface but I very happy. Only rating a 4 because I have not utilized to its full potential. Will be buying three more next month for employees.
This tablet was great for my boys. I would highly recommend for young kids. A+++
This is a great reading tool. Works great under strong light
Got this when they were on sale last year and love it!I use it primarily to read and get emails with some surfing. It has worked flawlessly for these applications.
My daughter is six years old, and she enjoying it.
The person I bought this for really loved the product, it was compact enough to carry to the beach, yet large enough to read from. The price when purchased was amazing and you can't beat it for speed and ease of using.
Pretty good tablet!! Memory is lacking a little bit but for the price you can't beat it. Also they are not as many apps compared to Apple or Android but again you are paying for a whole lot less for this product compared to Apple and Samsung. If you are used to the Amazon Fire product then you will like this.
I visited a friend who had one and I was sold immediately. I love how all your streaming needs are in one little box. Plus it works with Alexa. I intend to get Alexa real soon..
I love Kindle e-readers. In fact I had purchased 4 paperwhites over the years. The design is absolutely amazing. It is my most favorite device for long reading. Tablets like iPad are no comparison on this. I also believe this is the best gifts for kids.
I have been watching the reviews online and checking with friends that have purchased the Echo to see how much they liked or disliked its features. Last person I talked to went on and on about all the things there were using it for and that persuaded me it was time and Amazon Prime Day was the perfect opportunity to go for it. Amazon did a fantastic job of creating this tubular info-taining command center! There are so many cool and awesome things its able to do that I'll hit the highlights that work for our household. First, we love that it follows your voice in the room (the circle lighting will show which direction it is 'listening'), the speaker is wonderfully balanced, so whether listening to music, the news or to Alexa speaking, I have nothing but high marks for its sound quality, given its size. Next, set up (after downloading the app to our iPhones) was quick, easy and very intuitive. The more you look over the app, the more you will realize a world of 'skills' that the unit is able to perform once they are turned on and you master the right sequence of keywords to initialize them. We've added things to shopping lists, while asking about the weather and our calendar of events and then asked Alexa to change the temp of our Nest thermostats in various parts of the house, simply by saying her name and then our commands, sometimes sitting in the living room or simply pass through - she is always there listening and ready. We've ordered some LED programmable lights and I can hardly wait for Alexa to help set the mood in the house, room to room, all from a simple voice request. Even though we are fairly tech savvy and have phone, tablets and watches that can control devices, its HUGE to just ask for something and a pleasant voice setting it in motion.I am a regular Amazon Prime shopper and reviewer, if my review helped you in making up your mind about whether to purchase the Echo, please mark the ‘Helpful’ button, it tells Amazon that folks are in fact reading reviews like this. Thanks!
Killer tablet for the price. No issues running any apps or programs.
Enjoy using it outside so I can continue to use my kindle no matter where I am.
Definitely the best amazon streaming device!5 stars
I actually bought this for my son and he loves it!!
Great looking display. Text is sharp and easy to read. The lighting of screen is wonderful for reading in lower light environments. This is a little more compact than the paper white model. I really love the page press button areas. Makes it so you can turn pages without adjusting your hand (as long as you are holding the voyage with your thumb resting in the button area). Sounds like a minor thing, but to me it's a big convenience!
Got it for my wife but I keep it. Got to get her one now.lol
I think that the size and the display a perfect for reading.
This has been one of the best "set-top box" replacement experiences ever. I love that it combines all available online video contents in one. Great interface and very stable too!
The Amazon Fire Stick is a great way to access the vast library of Amazon and other content in any tv. You'll need an HDMI input on the television, a power outlet and reliable wi-fi. Get one for every TV in your house.
I didn't know much about the dot/echo but when a friend showed it to me, it seemed like a great gift for my husband who is hard to buy for. It's something you could live without but once you have it, you're so glad you do!
Saw this on sale for $40 so i bought it.For that price it is a great tablet
It's just what I was looking for, something simple and inexpensive. Plus I got it for $35 on black friday.
Easy to use for my non-tech sister! Screen is a little small, but it works for what she needs. Great value on "Black Friday."
Died after 120 days....30 days out of warranty. Some no name brand lasted us 3 years before this one. Figured we would get a "name brand" thinking that it will last longer. I won't be purchasing Kindle/Amazon products anymore.
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind and I love the colors.
Had the firetv stick and wanted something a little more powerful that also had the capability of playing 4k content. Much smoother experience overall with the firetv.
I am a gadget guy and a big fan of tablets and e-ink readers. They each have their specialties and purposes, and e-readers are still best for reading. I have bitten a kindle supporter from the beginning, this latest model only further improves on that reputation.The back lighting is awesome and the touch screen is amazing. The clarity and definition is outstanding. I was do excited waiting for this to be released and was very pleased with the results!
I do not use anything other than Exodus, so I see no difference between this and the firestick.
It was purchased primarily for my nephew, to assist him in his upcoming schooling
Did not think this would have been as great as I thought it would be. Does so.much and more. Great gift
The Amazon fire is a great inexpensive tablet. I only wish that it had a more true version of Android. There are some games and apps that won't work on the fire because of how much Amazon has changed the Android OS.
Great inexpensive option for kids for continually break electronics.
My 5 year old sons love it , Seems to be well made .
It's a very basic laptop. It's a good price. It fills all the basic needs.
My daughter loves it! She reads and play her favorite games on it everyday.
The Tap offers all of the conveniences of Amazon's Alexa in a battery powered portable bluetooth speaker. It has a hands free option, it works well both as a way to take Alexa on the road and as your primary Alexa device at home., the Tap doesn't sound as good as other Bluetooth speakers in its price range. It's not waterproof and Alexa doesn't work at all without Wi-Fi. but still pretty cool and heaper than the Echo.
The amazon fire tablet is easy to use and set-up great tablet.
It has everything he needs. He is using the tablet each day.
Easy setup. Works great.Music, news, sports.InformationTimers Alarms
Love my red Otter Box! RTR! Protects my phone every time I drop it on the ground!
Unable to use for anything but Kindle and this severely limits its usefulness. The screen is very readable in sunlight, nice feature.
Without really knowing much about this product I purchased it at the recommendation from some of my friends. Brought it home and it was a very easy set up with any type of phone by downloading the echo app. Immediately I was amazed at the uses we came up with for Alexa! It plays what ever type or specific band/artist music you want, or weather, or tv schedule. I keep it in my kitchen most times. However the best part is putting it in the bedroom and having it play music and then telling it to turn off in however many minutes so that you can fall asleep. What a great gadget for every home.
This is a nice small tablet. Works well and great with Amazon products. A great price.
This is just what my father wanted. It is portable, light weight and has an amazing backlight.
Really good buy, has dual camera, games really good
It is doing what's it was advertised to do.i t working still
The reading seems to be clearer than the other version. It is much lighter.The Wi-Fi connection seems to be better.
Perfect for reading at night in the bed. Have saved $$$ by downloading books from library.
Great device! Connects quickly and easy to set up.
I upgraded to the Kindle Paperwhite from a 1st generation Nook, I think just about any e-reader would excite me.However, I did my research and decided that the Paperwhite was a perfect fit for me. * I love the speed of the downloads and the ease of the touch screen. * I love being able to keep track of different characters just by pressing on their name (as well as definitions of words that are not familiar) * I love the backlight - no more trying to read at night with a glaring light over my shoulder. *I love the battery life. Not having to recharge it everyday is awesome!* I love how lite it feels and the way it fits in my hand - soooo much better than the Nook... overall smaller in size although the screens are the same size.I am an Amazon Prime member and some of the books that I have downloaded (and ones on my wish list) are half the cost of the same B&N books.I find that I am reading much more and totally enjoying the experience of my Kindle. I wish I hadn't waited so long!!Last but not least, I LOVE buying from Best Buy. I love their protection plans and when needed, they have always saved us $$$.
I had one of the first Kindles that came out and really liked it. It was stolen so that gave me the opportunity to get the newest version, the Paperwhite. I really like this one more than the other one since now I do not have to keep a light on and still be able to read.
BEST BUY ALWAYS HAS AN AWESOME VARIETY OF GREAT MOVIES & PRODUCTS TO CHOOSE FROM & TO BUY. EVERYTHING THAT I HAVE BOUGHT FROM BEST BUY IS ALWAYS THE BEST & ALWAYS HAS SATISFIED ME, WITH NO COMPLAINTS. I USE TO HAVE AN IPAD & I SWITCHED TO THE KINDLE FIRE, BECAUSE OF THE SMALLER SCREEN & EASIER TO CARRY WITH ME & TO USE PRETTY MUCH EVERYWHERE I GO....
This little gadget gives me the same performance as the more expensive model I previously used! Hope it lasts as long as my other one. Is thinner and lighter!
Great device and easy setup.The ease of use for the kids are also great.
It is safe .. love the thick case & its fun fir my kids
My son loves this tablet. I love all the child security i can put on it
I really enjoy using the Fire 7 tablet. It is light weight and fits in my purse for caring around. Now I always have a good book to read.
If You Want a Regular Tablet With a Low Price Get This Especially if you have a Amazon Account Camera not that Great and Screen kind of low But For $49 Good Price i Like It
I got it for my 11 year old and she loves it. She can get email, help her with homework etc. The only downside is we can't figure out how to get Google apps.
Grandson was so happy & pleased with the Fire tablet. He was able to download & start playing within minutes of purchase. Would buy another if the need existed.
Clear reading in bright light outdoor settings. Long battery life.
Wonderful product. Very happy to be cable free! Highly recommend!
Don't bother wasting the extra money on the official Amazon Kids Fire Tablet, we got this with a nice case and 32 GB SD card (both of those from Amazon) for cheaper than the bundle price from Amazon directly.
Great for the price! Love that there are so many free apps, games, etc I can down load through amazon prime. There are some apps not available for down load like Instagram but not a big deal. Happy with purchase!
The Amazon fire is simply amazing I would not buy anything else.
I bought 3 of them as gifts for my nephews. It was really disapproval to learn that they were already linked to my Amazon account. I started getting notices everything's they downloaded something. I had to literally unlink everyone one of them from my account before they made a big purchase (which they did purchase Amazon Prime-which I cancelled because I wasn't ready for a $100 purchase).
Alexa is a great gadget. She is fun and can be very helpful. A great companion
I would highly recommend this product too anyone ! 5 STARS !!!!!
I have no use for cable because I have everything I could ever need in the fire tv.
I didn't like that this model came with a USB cable but not a plug. Other than that, it met my expectations. Synching the new device with my existing Kindle account was easy. And my initial fear that the touchscreen would collect fingerprints and dirt hasn't been a problem so far.
We are really enjoying our purchase of this tablet. I bought it for my 7-year old, my husband, and myself to use. The kid-friendly controls are appreciated. When needed, we just log in as me to access the wilds of the internet that are kept from her when she is logged in. Speedy, friendly, and very nice screen. I am going to add internal memory and then we will be set!
For the low cost what's not to like. Be careful what/how much you load into the limited memory. An excellent entertainment tool especially when powered with PRIME. Screen (movies & Tv) display excellent. I recommend a "glass" screen protector. Helps greatly manage finger smudge. EZ to setup. EZ to use. EZ on your wallet.
Very nice assistant, except for the alexa commands are just in english
I love the new kindle. So much brighter then my old one.
Got it so I can have everything in one device and it does that flawless. It's very fast and responsive and the voice search is really good
Bought the Fire because I wanted to get Vue from Playstation which will not stream on Roku. First of all I do not like the Fire's layout. It is very cluttered and harder to find what you are looking for than on Roku. Also I had trouble with the streaming and extreme amounts of buffering while on WIFI. My modem was only a few feet away from the Fire. Roku almost never had buffering/streaming issues. I had to plug the Fire directly into the modem in order for it to work. This did take care of the buffering problems. I gave it a good for working when plugged into the modem. For WIFI only it would get a rating of POOR. I am very glad I did not get the Fire Stick because it probably would have had major buffering issues. If you are getting VUE and need the Fire I would recommend it. If you are not getting an app that needs to be on Fire than I would highly recommend the Roku. Roku is highly superior to the Fire.
It works seamlessly. Very great for price and clean finish
I bought this for my great-grandson who is 3 years old. I had purchased one for his 5 year-old sister for Christmas and it became the object of dispute between them because he wants to use it too. They both enjoy it. It is entertaining and educational. Now they each will have their own and the dispute can end.
Purchased one for my mother who likes to read a lot but not really internet savy. She loves it. And cannot beat the price. she uses it mainly for reading however. I bought it on Black Friday for under $50.00
I LOVE THE EASE OF ASKING FOR, THE TIME, JOKES, SPORTS NUMBERS AND MUSCI OR RADIO STATIONS. REALLY COOL.
Great Fire tablet! Speedy service and experience! Bravo!
this is a great tablet for the price. my kid loves it ,does alot reading on it.
User friendly, easy to purchase books online, great clarity quality
Is a good choice and product just need more channels
great price and great birthday gift for my son.no complaints so far. my son & his sister enjoy playing games and watching videos.
Great home "assistant" for the little things that drive you crazy. Still discovering everything Echo can do.
With a little tweaking you can install Playstore without rooting. It's a great tablet, excellent color, fast, and battery lasts a very long time.
Unreal black Friday deal on a great product. Wish there were more like it.
I had fire hdx 8 and loved it, unfortunately got damaged and could not replace. I purchased the fire HD 8 and exchanged n pay difference for fire HD 10. The 8 did not have a lot of options I was used to. :(
Just love my Kindle. Easy to use and carry around and more books to purchase!!!!!
Gift for our son and he is really enjoying it. He can read as well as play games.
Great product for a reasonable price. A lot of fun!
Purchased for the hands free interaction. Great speaker for music and amazon music variety surpasses XM. Being able to say "Alexa add to grocery list" when I need something instead of having to find phone or pad and pen. Once at store, I can call up list made by Alexa and I am all set. Looking forward to setting it up to turn on and off lights throughout our home.
I love it. Quick for information and have started converting components in the house to smart home setup.
This Kindle Paperwhite is great. it stores plenty of books and has a screen that is easy to read. It is even easy to read outside in the sunlight. I also like how compact, light and easy it is to travel with.
Got this for our home gym to stream workout guides, Netflix, and music if - Super fast streaming, great quality build and performance, love the Alexa remote and integration with Amazon prime - all the apps and content u could ask for - haven't use the free time parental controls but that will be for our third one of these!
Value, Performance, ease of use, lightweight, what more could you want.
The sound is not great. Music sounds muffled. Not a real needed I'm but fun.
Price was right. Bought it mostly to be able to watch movies but the quality of the movies is not as good as I had hoped which is the main reason behind my average rating.
The Charger is not lasting, Screen is ok,Functionality good. size to small but for the price is ok.Worst thing is the charger and battery life.
Really like this tablet, price is right and perfect for browsing the Web and reading books. The books on Kindle are cheaper in digital format as well so win win all around depending on whether or not you prefer a book.
This device is lightweight and comfortable to hold. I love being able to read it in the dark
Amazon Fire Tablet: Catch up on your reading or browse the Web with this tablet, which offers access to Amazon Underground, so you can download apps and games and discover exciting new entertainment. Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments or chat with friends
It's great and always getting better. I have three now. I listen to audiobooks constantly and use the white noise options while I sleep.
i loved it and it works well if you have a kodi installed.
Had the previous version of this tablet and was looking to upgrade. Got this on sale and am very pleased.
Bought for wife and she loves it and has already used it
I love the Fire HD. Went back and bought the Fire 7" for my wife that afternoon!
I bought this for my 8year old son, he loves it just has very limited games on it
My granddaughter love her tablet. She loves watching movies, and learning new things.
You can play games and watch youtube on it. I bought it for the younger ones to keep them entertained.
Light weight user friendly tablet. Does everything that expensive tablets do and more.Best value for the money.
I love this product. Perfect size for travel. I take it everywhere. Great for watching videos as well.
These are a great tool to have at home or office. I would highly recommend for anyone. Simple and easy to use.
Exactly as advertised. Easy to read in the sun, no glare on the screen. GREAT battery life! I'm an avid reader and only have to charge once every few weeks. Love that the brightness is adjustable so I can read in bed after my husband has gone to sleep without bothering him. No strain on your eyes without a light on.
All your services in one place. UI takes a little getting used to, but becomes 2nd nature.
My daughter loves it. Its is a very good tablet for her
It is ok but I like my bigger screen one but it broke in less than two years
I needed something to travel with. The amazon prime was perfect. I can look at movies and get online and it was cheap and small to carry.
I bought this item as an alternative for Netflix and I got rid of Netflix as soon as I got it. Amazing product.
Amazon Echo so great, I have it running my air and lamps. performs great. Great product. Just ask a question and she gives the answer 99% of time correctly.
I love the free time application you can set it to, but don't care for the ads that always come up.
So much more comfortable to hold than a heavy book.
My husband is new to technical devices like the echo and it has prompted him to want to improve his communication with a new smart phone.
This is my third Kindle reader and I love it as much as I loved the others! Light and comfortable to hold, especially in bed.
I got it for $34 during thanksgiving . Bought for my parents. Works as intended.ConsCamera if you really care
I think this is the best table for reading books and just browsing the net.
I have several sticks and they eventually get glitchy and need to be rebooted. The box never does this. It also runs faster and responds better at all times. Get the box not the stick.
I had my first Echo for about a year before taking it out the box. I set it up in my bedroom and it is a nice additional to all the other electronics I have. I purchase a second Echo for my living room area as an entertainment device to play games.
My previous Kindle was dying and I wanted a new replacement fast. I went to Amazon and while they had one it was back ordered a month. Expecting to pay more I went to Best Buy and not only found it for the same price but even better it was available at my local store and I could pick it up the same day!
Use my fire tv daily, it is upgrade to the fire stick, we love it.
The FireTV box is a great device to help with cutting cable. It has 4K streaming and all the apps you need to watch movies and tv on the device or you can download them. You can install side load and install android apps on this as well. I would recommend one to anyone.
I am very happy with this purchase. Works perfect.
Very user friendly. Nice for travel. Keeps a charge for a long time.
Bought this as a gift for mother's day, after her several attempts to use lower quality tablets that died quickly. She likes the size for her hands. Convenient for her to carry and use. Quickly gets email and plays her games.
I love my firestick, but the box is so much better
I have been using this item before and it was great I love it and I did recommend it to my friends. I love the quality, the camera and the items that the device have.
This is a great light weight android tablet. It works well for most things that I wanted to use it for. I wanted to see if it would work for board packets but decided that the form factor is too small. As a reader and light weight table it works great. At this price it is a great buy.
This is my third Kindle and by far the best. I know use this for 100% of all reading - including - and the reason I bought it, for reading in the pool. I still own 2 good tablets and a laptop. This does not compete with them. Absolutely outstanding outside in Dallas. This does not overheat, with absolutely zero glare. Yes I can read in the pool on a sunny day. I have about 300 books on this and don't charge it but once every other week. I use it 1-3 hours a day without fail. I wish the unit was truly water resistant and it's built in browser is almost worthless. This is an eReader and not a tablet.
This is a great price point for this tablet. I bought 3 of them for my family to use to supplement their iPhones. YouTube and Netflix are easier to watch on the tablet's larger screen.
Bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it!
I'm an IT Director so would put myself on a higher level of technical capabilities... My wife is an average PC and smart phone user and has been gracious enough to put up with my desire to add automation to my home. Hands down we both agree that adding this was the best decision ever. Prior to adding the Amazon Echo to our home we would have to use the controller on the wall or an app on our phones to control lights, door locks, garage doors and thermostats. With a little bit of searching online you can find all the help you need to get Alexa linked to your other services and accounts. My Wink home automation shortcuts can now be set off by voice command. When I walk in the door with my arms full I simply say "Alexa, turn on entry lights". When it is time for the kids to get settled down I say "Alexa, trigger reading mode" and all lights are set to the desired levels. Time for bed? "Alexa, trigger night mode" and all lights shut off, garage door closes (if left open) and all deadbolts lock on exterior doors. Ask "Alexa, what's up?" and she gives current time, temps, forecast and top news. When we sat down with the kids to open Christmas gifts... "Alexa, play some classic Christmas music". No, I don't work for Amazon... I'm simply amazed at how far things have come. Get this product, be patient and do research if you are having issues and I'd be willing to bet that you'll love this product.
Excellent for browsing and reading. Good price for great quality.
Good product. Get rid of one of my extra Comcast boxes so I'm down to one. You can use your Comcast subscription to get live streaming of certain channels. Eventually I will ditch cable completely but this is a good start
The power of battery lasts longer than any tablets.
To be able to just ask anything and get an instant answer. Pretty neat stuff.
My son loves it he's only 3 understands how to use it and I can see it has helped him learn word animals and etc.. it's a very good way to keep the brain moving and active.
works good
Got this as a present for my son. He likes to read and watch shows in youtube. For his age, i think this is perfect. It does the same as ipad mini.
The perfect gift paired with an amazon gift card for books and a case
This is a wonderful tablet for the price. I do a lot with Kindle based books and the size is great for reading. That it has the ability to take a 128GB Micro SD card really makes this a steal for the price.
It's super easy to use and it looks good next to the tv with its sleekness. We have had no problems with it as of yet.
I think this tablet is very easy to use. It is price well.
I thought this for my 8 year old and she loves it.
I bought this tablet for my son, he loves it. He knows how to work everything.
For the price I was skeptical, but this thing can do everything!!
Great product. I would highly recommend with the increased storage and ungraded firmware.
Purchased this for my friend's bday gift. He loves it so so much!
Great gift for a parent to have in their home! Great sound when playing music.
Good tablet which is child friendly and somewhat durable
Great Streaming and very smooth. I haven't had it lagging yet,
There is I could say about this tab but nothing other reviewers haven't said. This tab is AWESOME!!!
Alexa is a great device. Makes things like playing music and information so convenient. The skills that can be added are entertaining and helpful as well
Very good product and works perfect with my Samsung TV
My husband loves the fire stick .It gives all the old movies he loves and he can do amazing things with the sound as the fire stick allows many adjustments.Streaming is faster too.
I love the picture, easy to navigate, light weight and easy travel size . I bought 4 for Christmas presents.
It is very easy to use and allows you to read at the beach with no problems. No glare. Great value for your money
As my grandparents love to watch Japanese TV (live stream local Japanese channels) and they do not have a SmartTV, they were paying near $40/mos. to watch 3 chnls through the local provider TimeWarner. However, I realized they only watch 1 out of the 3 chnls since they only show certain shows and news. I found FujiTV live through many searches and I was able to download the apk onto the FireTV via Kodi. Through FujiTV I subscribed a month subscription for less than $30 and my grandparents are able to watch 70 channels with 7 days playback and full program list for all channels with the ease of using the FireTV remote. The interface of the Amazon Fire TV is simple and easy to use. As for the quality of connection, picture, and durability, they were all up to par and does what we want it to do and more. Whenever my grandparents are not watching their Japanese shows, I use it to stream the movies/shows via HULU.
Great for searching and opening multiple apps at once.
I'm buying 2 more for gifts. I love them. I have 2 already
I suggest this to anyone looking to watch Netflix and Hulu simple.
I thought Alexa was like your smart phone Siri but it's not. It's very limited to what you can ask and you must download some of the Apps in within the Alexa app to work and ask question. Not what I though it was.
My grandson used my old I Phone to play on. Got him this tablet and he loves it! Great deal!
This was a gift for my daughter. She wanted it to catch up on reading some books. Being able to browse the web was an added plus.
I especially like the ability to name an artist and have random songs played. My 3 year old grandson loves talking to Alexa also....asking her to play nursery rhymes that he has recently learned in pre-school.
This has been the best cost effective tablet for my kids. Love the easy child protection options
I was looking for a good small tablet at a reasonable price and I found the Amazon Fire 7 Tablet had all the features I needed. Easy and fun to use!
I would recommend this buy. Better than the firestick.
I got this because I was interested about the technology. Now I have it read me the news every morning and set an alarm to wake me up.
I bought this item to catch up on my book series which was easy to find with the built in amazon book store app. It also has great apps for games and anything you are looking for. I definitely recommend this. its a great deal at a great price.
The echo is very fun and easy to use. My only complaint is that you need to go and enable a lot of the prompts or skills. Seems to me it should be able to go right out the box. But overall lot's of fun.
This tablet makes reading and watching video more enjoyable.
I have had the amazon fire tv for about a month now and I think it's solid. I had the apple tv for about 3 years before this and compared the amazon fire to the newest apple tv when I made this choice. The services I use (netflix and hulu plus) were available on both but since I am also a amazon prime member and the shows are generally cheaper via the amazon store I chose the fire tv. The set up was easy and I like the user interface. The system response is snappy compared to the older apple tv but I am noticing a bit more random resets and freezing with the fire tv. I suspect it's software related and can get worked out with updates. I think it's solid and would recommend the fire tv to anyone asking.
I bought this to replace an older kindle that broke. It has more features, like front/ rear facing camera and better resolution screen. I feel like it doesn't work as well though. The screen doesn't always respond. The Internet freezes a lot. The colors seem to be a little off. All in all, still a decent piece for the price.
Very sceptical about getting the amazon tv box but once i decided to get it the family and i were releived that we bought the box. It has many functions and apps including hulu and netflix. A must buy!!!
It kept freezing when I first hooked it up. I couldn't type anything in because it kept resetting. After a couple days it started working, when I was ready to return it, so I decided to keep it. Need to be patient with it.
Still needs work as it does not always understand questions and needs more info installed so as to be more user friendly. I got it on sale so decided to try it. Works very well with my wemo light switches and like telling it to play my music and set alarms. For the price I got it for it will pass until they update it some more, It's a work in progress!
I like my stuff... was greatly delivered .. nice job....
easy set up , works with all of my smart home products, amazon music is good I recommend this product for all ages
Kindle Whitepaper Reader is a replacement for my original Kindle. I like the fact that the Whitepaper has a back light so you can easily read in low light situations. Also, the non glare screen makes it so easy to read in bright sunlight.
This was a gift for my 11 year old daughter. She absolutely loves it. We have had 3 other tablets in the past (all different brands), and she tells me this is the nicest one so far. We have only had it for about a week, but it has sure gotten it's use :) Very happy with this purchase.
Our children tend to forget to get gentle with the kindle so the replacement plan is great. And I don't have to worry about the wrong kind of content popping up. It's a relief.
One of the easiest android tablets to learn it's functions! Great as a reading tool, but also for setting up email, web searches. Easy access to games and various apps. Nice to have access to a camera as well. A great tool for seniors with limited computer experience.
Best streaming device out there, very fast and responsive. A bit more than fire stick but very well worth it!
Has great picture, easy to use. Was able to put everything on it needed .easy download games
It's not a very powerful tablet. I needed something just to view Netflix and some other videos. Not to mention play some music and look at photos. Other than that I think it's too weak, not good for gaming. For the price though, you can't beat it.
Old Kindle was not working consistently very well, so purchased an new Kindle Paperwhite that is backlit and it is a great improvement over my old Kindle...loveit!
This is an android based devise, so you can do anything with it. Install Kodi and you are good to want anything you want
Neat device does not answer all questions though .
Speakers has an excellent quality, despite the small size.The only disadvantage is the Amazon Echo feature, not present in this one, which you can just "call" Alexa and she will answer you. In this one, as the name says, you need to "tap" the button to wake Alexa up.
Excellent Partner. My daily assistance on all aspects of living.
Bought this for our 6 year old to use instead of spending the big bucks on an Ipad. It has pretty much all the same apps and it is easy for him to navigate around. Parental controls prevent him from downloading anything above his age level.
Having used a number of streaming devices, I would rate the Firetv as one of the best.Well worth the extra that a fire stick costs. Voice recognition is awesome and you can plug directly into your router to minimize buffering.
Got this for my 70 year old mother for Christmas. She is intimidated by most tech but wanted easy internet access. Got her the Alexa along with the 8" kindle. It was very easy to set up and easy to teach her how to use it. The speaker quality is really very good....much better then I expected. Streaming music and basic info requests are very simple. Not sure if this unit will get to all it's capabilities but it's just what we needed to get some tech into mom's house. Only down side is now I think I need one at home too!
I enjoy that I can use Alexa and take it around with me. Especially being able to listen to music anywhere I want.
I bought this for my husband for Father's Day and he absolutely loves it
Just simply amazing, I really enjoy it. Very impress with the sound, speaker, volume, and its other great capabilities.
Alexa works pretty good if your Internet provides enough service for you.
Gave ir to my nephew as a gift and he loves it....
This incredible "gadget" does so many things it's hard to quantify. Just ask for weather, news, music, traffic...you name it. Plus, lots of fun interacting. Will put a smile on your face!
After about 2 months of use, I can say that my wife and i are very happy with our purchase. The Amazon Paperwhite kindle is exactly what we wanted for ... reading literature. We tried to many times to duplicate the effect with a tablet but found the shiny glare to be too much. The paperwhite is easy on the eyes, and easy to use. I did give it 4 stars instead of 5, because after purchasing I learned there is slightly more expensive version (like $20 more) that doesn't include the frequent ads were where having to deal with. Luckily we were able to find out how to pay Amazon an extra $20 to eliminate the ads, but it would have been nice to not have to deal with it at all. I would recommend anyone looking at this product get the version for $20 more and eliminate the annoyance of the ads.
Best speaker/personal assistant out there. Don't buy anything else.
I bought the tablet black Friday. Best buy had the same price as amazon. So I got it. The tablet was a gift for someone else. the recipient to this day insists that I should have gotten one for myself.
What a super product. So very convenient being able to ask questions or give commands rather than firing up the computer and typing.
I got this for my 88 year old mother to view pics on Facebook of her children,grandchildren,great grandchildren and great great grandchildren. With the kids protection bumper she is able to handle it well. The bad side is that I wanted to hide all the other apps and could not. Plus I ended up paying an extra $15 to get rid of ads.
I'm not quite sure how I ever lived without this thing. It's so convenient. Even better if you have Amazon Prime.
I was thinking about to get a device to read on train or buses. Kindle paperwhite is the best for me when compared with others such as cellphone or tablet. And even in this latest model, it has higher display density and brightness control, which is what I want.So go ahead, get one, worth to have your trip full of fun.
Great for reading! Bought it to read while traveling!
Nice product when you are on the run and want the latest on the weather conditions as you are running out the door. If you like to cook or bake the recipes are right at your fingertips!
It has an excellent collection of apps, interface is really smooth and no hick ups.
Love it very easy to use and easy to install and run on tv
Love my Echo, great sound and feels like I have my own personal assistant..
Purchased this for daughter as a first tablet. She loves it and it is easy to use. Plus it won't break the bank for a great quality tablet.
Gifted this to my Mom primarily for reading books. Able to check out e-books from our local library. Works great. She also uses this for Skype, e-mails and Facebook. Her grand kids also use it - downloaded few games and play. Bought this during Black Friday sale and was an even better deal. It is a good tablet.
Foe the Price... Its a steal. Awesome tablet for basic needs.
This is a great purchase. We are enjoying Alexa. She is the greatest.
Perfect for my granddaughter birthday. She loves to read. So many books
We ask Alexa questions all day, recently, I received a gift of Amazon Prime, now I have Alexa read my free books while I work around the house! my husband asks weather and ballgame scores.
Great little tablet for kids. Fast and easy to use.
Really smart and quick with answers. Reminders and alarms are great. Have to be careful on how loud you say alexia when talking because it is very sensitive. Great product.
I know many people who have a kindle. It frees up using the cell phone memory, so I bought this one for the amount of storage it has, as well as the cost of the item. Thank you.
This was a gift from me to myself. I am very pleased with this purchase.
Being the best husband I can be, after hearing the wife say she would like a Kindle, did some research and saw that the PaperWhite would be perfect for her reading habits.
I like the small size and auto adjustable lighted screen. With my old Kindle I needed to have external light to read, but this one comes with the build one.
The Echo is good, but doesn't know the answer to what I consider, some basic questions. i.e. 3 top scoring players in the NBA. I suppose as it updates info, more information will become available.
I bought this tablet for my three year old niece. It was easy to set up for her, and she loves it. I also purchased the Kids Free case, to protect it.
This is one of the best toys I have. Everyone enjoys how easy it is to get information, news, music and more. The sound is great even outside. The only reason I did not give a rating of 5 is that the Echo has to be plugged in to operate. I wrongly assumed it was portable. However, I was able to purchase a battery that hooks on to the bottom and now my Echo is portable!
I really think it's awesome that it controls light thermostat and such I haven't bought any of these items yet but overall it's very helpful it's a nice tool to have at home it's hands-free you can ask questions overall I'm very satisfied with it
Love this gadget. Great product. Easy to set up. Sound is incredible.
Does everything it says it does. Great speaker. Good alarm. Bought 3
Great tablet for the price. It's very easy to use.
Great product and Best Buy was the best place to purchase from.
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter.She loves it, easy to use, speakers are more clear than her other devices Great volume
It works well and can be hooked up with spotify to make it fun
I love this product. easy to ise snd i would recommended to anyone.
We got a great deal on our kindle fire. Perfect gift for young child who wants to play games on a tablet.
I purchased this kindle to replace a very old and heavy Nook! Kindle is lightweight , easy to use and perfect for travel. Holds a charge forever!
I love this tablet. It is the right size and I love playing movies on it.
Love this thing! It is super easy to use and set up!
Super Fast and good storage. Cool I was able to iunstall Kodi and easy access.
My wife loved her gift. I made the right purchase.
Now that we have begun to figure out how to use this, we are liking it much better. It didn't want to work well for us. When I called Amazon's help line, the person told me I couldn't get Amazon music if I was only Prime member. I had to get the premium package. I called again and got a more knowledgeable person and got it straightened out. At times Alexa has trouble getting things right. Learning curve.
Kindle Voyage is easily the best e-reader with an impressive high-resolution display and it is very thin and light weight too. Loving it.
Great tablet for the money! Made for a great Christmas gift
I have bought 8 of these. They are perfect for kids
You can't beat $50 for a usable media consumption tablet. Play games or watch video without pauses or skips.
Bought it for my mother. She works at a beauty salon so she's always busy. Echo works great for her. She loves it. Works great on her galaxy s7
Kids love it comes with a case but purchased one anyway
I will be ordering Amazon fire for my two granddaughters because they love Nana's so much
Our first Kindle finally gave up the ghost after many years of use. Love this new Paperwhite. The front lit screen is great as my old Kindle required a case with a light in order to read in the dark.
Was looking for a tablet for my young daughter. This was on sale and had good reviews. After consulting with the sales associate with some questions, I decided to purchase item. Nice looking product, however, very little storage space.... after downloading a few apps... the storage was full and was required to buy more! Also, cannot play videos unless hooked up to wifi. Unlike the sales associate told me. Very disappointing!!! Would not recommend!
Love Amazon Fire TV. Easy and simple to use and set-up.
Very easy to setup with app. You can get plenty of information and facts. I setup with pandora to play my favorite selections. I bought wemo wifi outlets but not setup yet with echo. Sound of speaker is fabulous. I also bought the dot for the bedrooms.
Wish it had its own onternet connection but other than that great purchase
I bought this product for a 2 year old. It is easy enough for her to operate. She almost can operate it better than I can.
I love my new Amazon 7" Tablet..I think its the perfect size and now I can do everything on it, from checking email to watching NETFLIX. Theres tons of apps to get and lots of kindle books to download. I did purchase a 32gb card after reading other reviews but I havent needed it so far .
excellent product able to get on the internet for movies, research, games communications, web surfing.
this is a great little Toyota to have. the speaker sounds great
Excellent Product . Easy set up and has endless possibilities. Great product for all ages.
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet. It has lots of games and apps. My daughter loves it.
Works great. Gives weather report ,sends shopping list. Love it
Very happy with my new tablet. Everything is assessible and easy to find. Great pic quality. My 10 year old loves it and has taken ownership of it which shows how easy it is to use.
I loved the tablet...does what it suppose to do...
I love this little tablet! The clarity is very nice, it boots up fast and is simple to use. The price was so right, too! And the extra SD card slot is such a plus. I use an iPad too but this tablet is great for reading my eBooks. A great buy!
Bought this Kindle because of the great price. Good thing, because I dropped the other one without the case on it and it cracked.
The Amazon Fire TV Box is much better than the fire stick. I really enjoy the streaming speed and how fast I can navigate the menu screen. I am happy I upgraded from the Fire Stick.
This kindle does almost anything you need in a small hand held. Love it!
I can read all my books great battery life and games
I bought this tablet for my little nephew and he loved it. Perfect for downloading apps on the go and keeping the kids busy on the road. Easy to access the wifi. Memory is ok but I knew that buy the cost. Would recommend for basic use.
I have a older kindle loved it. I love the new storage on this one and easy to use buttons. Great battery life.
My wife loves her Fire Hd8 she had one of the older models so i up graded her to this new model and she feel in love with it right away
Got it on Black Friday got a great deal nice little tablet
This tablet has proven to be a great durable device for the grand kids. Using them for games and books for school work.
I needed an item that had less glare and I could read at night without backlighting
It's a great tablet for my kids at their age. I recommend it to anybody looking for one.
Great value for the money. However, the operating system is a bit clunky. Constant notifications and messages to delete. Some can be turned off, other seem to just keep appearing. The reader app surprisingly is less than intuitive.
Very pleased with the quality of this tablet and I was fortunate that it was on sale at the time of purchase
Bought this to keep all my ebooks on to carry in my purse. So I could read when was stuck at the hospital, etc.Well, gee the free wifi at the hospital has a sign-on screen. Couldn't get to that. Did some reading (on my phone) I think I can fix it the next time I need to be there. Just disappointed that it wouldn't allow the sign-on page to display right out of the box!!!
Works well for my children. They both have one and seems to run smoothly for the games and apps they use.
I bought this one for my mom because I love mine so much
Whenever I see an item in the store and the price seem a bit cheap I begin to get very cautious. I ask many questions of other users. Thankfully after having bought this kindle for my nephew he and I have been elated ever since .
This tablet is very easy to set up. It is very easy to use.
I bought this tablet so I had a smaller tablet to take places, I absolutely love it!
I've only had this for about a week now, but I love it and I love that I can set this up in my kitchen, and hear it throughout my entire house (even upstairs). It makes easy/ convenient for entertaining, playing music while cleaning the house and being "hands- free".I do wish it didn't require the monthly amazon music fee to play more music choices but it still has a wide range of music without the account.
family member has one and has it connected to all things in the house and i loved it
I wanted a new tablet and saw the 7" on sale at Christmas, my husband was offered the 8" for just $10 more, so good value ! Thin and light weight. Easy to start up. I would have liked to have a booklet on featuers and use, etc. Nothing in print came with it other than one paper . Tutorials on set up and where the buttons and slots were. I have enjoyed the quick loading to start, just wish I had a physical booklet on how to's, not just online tutorials.
I bought this kindle as an upgrade for my first kindle fire
Like that I can use it in so many ways. As a computer or a tablet
Unbelievable quality. Reader is even better at nighttime.
It is good tablet if you do not high expectations of performance, good for traveling by car and use to see maps or give to kids
I went to buy the fire stick at Best buy as it was recommened to me and was out of stock due to a recient add and the popularity of the product. I Read some reviews and decided to buy the fire tv great product easy to set up and use alexia is nice and has more storage space.i would recommend this product.
Bought this tablet one for my daughter and one for my nephew. They seem to enjoy it a lot.
Excellent bargain for the price. Very compact, will fit nicely in a purse. Lot of storage capacity...can carry a small.library and give you notebook features with all the bells and whistles of a Kindle. If you're a reader on the go this is a great buy!
Love my Echo! Still learning what I can and can't do. Was surprised to get a message from two friends the other night on Alexa!
It's different than android system's. And to be honest I prefer android.
This was on my son's wish list and it worked as he'd hoped. He was also able to add some apps to make this product even more versatile.Great Black Friday deal.
Absolutely, love my newest gadget. Just ask & you will hear your favorite songs, artist, or genre, answers to silly or complicated questions, set alarms & reminders. Help puts a smile on my face every day.
My child loves this device. She doesn't stop playing with it.
Really like the Kindle. The screen is very easy on the eyes, much better for reading than my Ipad!.
Alexa is great.. Right now she only answer my questions. It is a joy looking at others trying to ask her a question and I walk up and ask her and she respond.
Great and easy to use, showed me how to set up the tablet
Grandson became board with what it offers. Plug wears out fast
very easy to use. this is just perfect size to carry with me
Bought this as a gift for my 75+ year old parents and they are having a blast with it.
We are still learning about Alexa's functions, but already love her! We are very amused that you can ask her to tell you a joke. :) Super excited to learn all that she can do.
I went from a Paper white to the Kindle Fire and it's been great! It's easy to use and to read my books. Lots of stuff you can do with this from watching movies to taking care of my email and Facebook etc. All round easy to handle and is a nice computer tablet in the palm of my hands. I like the way the controls are at the top so I don't accidentally turn the power off in the middle of something when I was using other devices that had the on off button at the bottom. I just wish the power reserve would last as long as my Kindle Paper White. The battery runs down fester than I'd like.
Just what I needed. Perfect
Is great for beginners I love the parental control on it it works great for my toddler.
Alexa works fine but has trouble wit questions that requires search on the web. I have mine connected to a Smartthings Hub and for the most part they work well together. Alexa has trouble running some of the automations.
If you are using Amazon Prime, you definitely like this table as it can stream the video, audio, reading book... easy to carry with you
Serves my needs ,just need for quick Internet surfing,email,ect.
Nice lightweight reader. Very thin and so easy to use and navigate! Love it
I enjoy taking photos with me and having enough videos to keep the kids entertained. On the fence go with the larger storage.
i like the way that it is small and easy to carry and doesnt take up alot of power
Easy to use at home or lunch at the office. The only problem I have is that you have to restart often. Great while using public transportation.
This is a good tablet if you aren't expecting ipad quality. A great tablet for price. Good for surfing the web and netflix.
bought for grandkids they love them. wise choice I made
Basic internet plus a ton of Amazon apps and some standard ones too. If you want to use Amazon it is an excellent tool.
This product is really helpful and excellent for daily use. Kids love this product also it helps lot for home automation, entertainment. It uses Bing search engine, I wish it could have google search engine. But overall satisfied with this product.
We upgraded from the dot to the Echo and we are glad we did!!!
Great assistant for every day life. Has plenty of features for adults and kids alike.
Very satisfied with the Kindle Paperwhite reader. The single issue I have is that I would like to have the capability to do reverse contrast. Not a deal breaker for me thought.
I'm already enjoying reading using a paper white, this purchase was for my granddaughter. It has all the functions I need. One of the best things is the length of the battery, It only needs charged once a month. I know she'll enjoy her paper white as much as I do mine.
Works great! Seems to do most everything as advertised. I personally believe it will work best when the user kinks are out and when said user knows the proper commands & has the proper hookup/applications and necessary accounts. Get past the learning curve and the sky is the limit.
My family enjoys the capabilities of the echo. Ask it anything and listen to anything anytime
One of the best products ever created! Love Alexa!
Echo was easy to install and start using. I thought I would have difficulty getting it to work. I just plugged it in, downloaded the app and began using it!
This is probably the best bank for your buck. Skip a fancy dinner and get the Amazon fire you wont go wrong.
Easy to use and well lit for night reading. Charges fast. Light weight. Love it!
Bought this for my 3 yr old niece and she can't get enough of it.
What can I say, this is a great device that makes many home tasks easier and more fun!.
Great tablet for my nephew he watches his videos on it all the time
If you want a tablet for someone that's not the most tech savy, look no further. Seriously, it's the best 50 bucks you will spend.
The Kindle Fire 7 is a phenomenal item I bought for child 2 years ago now and she can't put it down. Great alternative to Ipad
Easy to read,very sensitive to touch. Still can't figure out how to get a new book onto the device. The on/off button is tiny which presents a problem as l have long nails. Too technical for a "book"
I also own one. They are great easy to. I got my four grand daughters one they love them.
Way better than the fire stick. Has a Ethernet port, also can use sd cards
Is easy to use, great to look up words you don´t know as you go along.It´s also great that the light isn´t shone up into your eyes, it makes it so that they don´t get easily tired and they don´t hurt.
It works like it's supposed to. Use it for charging my new Kindle.
for 50 bucks you will not get a better tablet. I've been waiting to buy a fire, not sure why I waited so long!
This product is wonderful. If your looking for a way to get rid of cable this is the way to go.
The main deciding factor as to why I got this device as opposed to the stick was that I gave me the option to either use WiFi or to use an ethernet cord. So far I can say I've been happy, the apps are vast enough to find what i want in regards to entertainment and the navigation isn't to complicated.
This was definitely an upgrade for my 1st grader. More memory = more fun
This is a great android tablet. On top of it on black friday it is 34.99$ i bought a couple for my son.They abuse it and it is well worth having a backup and it is so cheap you can afford to break a couple.You can side load google appstore, just google it.
This nifty little device is perfect for freeing yourself from the clutches of the evil and nefarious clutches of the dreaded cable empire. No longer will you be subjected to their random price raises of their already high prices. No more will you fret over paying exorbitant fees for channels that you don't even watch!! Yes this firestick can and will open up, quite literally an entire new world of viewing for you. Set up is simple and quick. There are a multitude of different apps that u can use to take complete control over what u want to watch and pay for. I'm not going to go into specifics about how to watch everything you want because we all have different interests. A simple google search will help guide you with those specifics. But just know that for financial freedom from contracts and corporate giants this is the way to go. One downside I will mention is the buffering. Ensure you have a good internet connection. This is a requirement for the device to work. Make sure u keep the device free of any unecessary apps which will take up its HD. Also ensure you have a router that is worth while. Personally I ended up going with the firebox instead of the stick because I wanted the best connection possible and as we all know that requires hard wiring of your device. So if u want to replace cable for your main living room tv area go with the box. For kids or something get them the stick.
Perfect size, easily readable screen, and crisp text.
The Amazon Tap is a portable Bluetooth speaker that can be controlled with your voice. You can instruct it to play music, order products and services, control home automation products and connected devices, plus a whole lot more.
I can read, even in the dark. I can surf the internet, Facebook, pay bills, play games. It was inexpensive and I love it!
Works great love it! Bought for a gift. They really like it.
I have been a kindle fan for years because it does so much more if you have Amazon prime. Free movies, free music, free books, etc. The tablet has a great picture, is fast to search, and lasts for years.
I would recommend this to anyone. It's an absolutely amazing product. So light, the auto brightness is great and it's convenient to carry around with you.
This was a gift for my girlfriend, she loves the paperwhite. Screen is great and the 300 PPI is very sharp. Highly suggested.
It was for a gift and it has been really liked by the receiver.
Need to get rid of cable.... one step closer. Great content.
We bought this for my daughter.. She love it too much.. And it's the best tablet for the price..
The Alexa unit is unique and very useful.. I would recommend this unit..
I a few of them for gifts for Christmas. I love mine and I thought they would enjoy them too.
I am enjoying My Echo. It is more helpful then I thought it would be. I am happy with my purchase.
My 4 year old Grandson loves his Kindle. He had to have one after his sister got one.
Great product for anyone who loves to read. I highly recommend it.
Im having a lot of fun with my echo and learning a lot of skills.
Last Christmas I gave my nephew a fire stick, which he loved. In the meantime, I purchased an Amazon Tap for myself. Since he likes gadgets, I knew he would want one. So I purchased it for him
Got it on a Black Friday deal.... couldn't be happier
I love the size of this tablet. I have an Ipad and think I prefer this size. It's easy to carry and a great size for reading. Got it for Christmas and am loving it! I haven't tried to take any pictures yet and I didn't really purchase it for taking photos. I saw the reviews before purchasing and they were not good regarding photo quality. Again, that was not my purpose so am not too concerned at this time.
So far I like the backlit feature. I felt the price was affordable. The battery life is not as long as my previous Kindle but it does a lot more so that is to be expected.
Easy to use and good quality .....................
Works great without having to startup your laptop to look up items on Amazon.
This item is a must if you have a Amazon Prime Membership!
I have purchased the cheaper tablets. They never last. I purchased this for my brother who is never in one place long. He is able to stay connected and enjoys carrying this tablet everywhere.
I got this tablet with high expectations given it's from Amazon. However it was disappointing in many ways and it will be returned.First off, despite of the small screen size, it's heavy. Too heavy to be used as a book reader in bed.The deal breaker for me was that there's no way to connect a VPN using the regular Android settings. The option has been deactivated and accordingly to the tech support, "it's not available yet, but it will come". Surprisingly, still according to them, none of the new Amazon tables on sale have such support! Apparently Amazon doesn't believe that open WIFI at coffee shops, supermarkets, airports offer data security risks for the tablet users.On top of that, the Amazon version of "Google Play Store" has a reduced number of Apps and the ones I was interested in are not available.And the cherry on the top, was that only after 15 min of small usage (I was still trying to find a way to connect to my VPN), the screen frozen and the tablet became unresponsive.Too bad! I really wanted to like it.
Easy to handle. Light weight. I like that it automatically shuts off when the cover is closed.
Don't like the fact you have to have Amazon prime to use it
My son loves his tablet, easy access to the Internet and download games.
You really can't go wrong here its exactly what you want out of an e reader and nothing more.
the kindle is a great tool especially for the money. Fast processing, great screen clarity. Highly recommended
We have it set up in the kitchen. Mainly use it to play music and give us the weather forecast. She really is amaxing at answering general questions
My children loved it, and it is great learning tool.
I will rate this Amazon Tap a five stars when the application to make the Alexa commands become remote, instead of manually pressing the command button on the unit itself.
I'd been using a 15+ year old stereo that was taking up a 2 ft square space. Alexa uses about 4 inches. The sound is fabulous! Why didn't I do this sooner?
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it . It works well and very easy to understand.
Easy to setup, fun to use. Use it daily for music.
It is an affordable tablet and thaks to Amazon, you are able to have a variety of music, games and films.
I had bought my girlfriend a Kindle Fire HD7 for Valentines day. She had never owned a tablet or PC before, and was just a beginner at smart phones. She became a reader gobbling up over 100 books in the last year. This lower cost device compares well in some ways, but the screen on her Fire HD7 is clearly superior. I would buy this again.
This was a replacement Kindle for our grandson. loved it
You get what you pay for. It works but is very slow.
Every time I open my amazon Fire, games pop up. It is very annoying. I have no interest in games. I do not play them. I did not purchase the item for games. I purchased my Fire for reading books, but it is very difficult to get to books. I go through a number of minutes and still do not accomplish the task that I want to do. I would like to know how to take off the games so I can do what I want to do.
Because the Amazon Fire 7 is a very inexpensive tablet, you cant really expect much out of it or compare it to an iPad. It is a great budget tablet for very light gaming and watching videos. My primary use for it is for video consumption.
I purchased this tablet for my granddaughter and she just loves it...so much I have to take on the week days ...
Product was a bit difficult to set up but my tech savvy daughter assisted. Once it was set up, it worked perfectly. Love the programming only no local channels.
It's very nice and useful. I will recommend this product.
Excellent price and recommendable for kids & family...
We had another smart home hub that wasn't the echo and it broke down twice. So far the Amazon echo can do more and doesn't glitch out. It's so worth the extra $$
I like it is nice and loud, the sound is nice and clear
Great product for listening to music, weather, or researching anything.
I love this and it's great for kids got it for a early Christmas gift for a friends son and he loves it
I have a older kindle.. It dosent have a back light. My old one still works great but I wanted the back light. Love my new paper white kindle..
Pretty cool just which it und we stood more commands
Well I don't have anything bad to say about the Echo! Alexa is always there to answer a question, tell me a joke, give the weather report or play my favorite music!! She sets a timer for me while I am middle of preparing dinner or baking, I love how it hears your voice over music or background noice and is ready for your commands!!
Incredible knowledge Alexa has, sports, weather, trivia, simply amazing! Need to hook up my music to it!
I know beforehand that this is not a powerful tablet. But it's the best bargain at this price point . The screen is okay if you just read books, news, or surf the websites. But if you want to enjoy videos-this is not your choice.The processor is slow and the amazon app store doesn't have all the apps like you'd expect from Google appstore- even though the OS based on android. But few tweaks let you install the Google playstore-search online for the steps.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Hope this is helpful.
I brought this one, because that one I had still working but couldn't sign up online.
I came across this on sale and couldn't pass it up. Turns out it runs slower than I expected though. My girlfriend has an older version of this model and it just seems to run smoother than this one. Still, a nice alternative for browsing/shopping/bill paying than wearing about my smartphone battery.
This tablet is great for reading. It is also very snappy from app to app.
Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
It is nice to have an extra plug
What I expected. A better then budget tablet ata good price. Bought for the integration with Alexa and it works well, more info about your Alexa request will show up automatically on the tablet.
If your looking for an inexpensive tablet to get you started than this is the one. Quick set up and easy to use for all your basic needs.
Tablet has many features. Great Tablet for reading, storing your resume, surfing the web and downloading books. The price is amazing
I'm not very good with electronics, so I was worried about learning how to use my Kindle Fire. I had no problems at all with navigation of this device. I feel it's also fast I was expecting it to be sluggish. I think this is great for the beginner and is a great bargain.
This is the possibly the best Tablet if you are an Amazon store/prime centric user. But, it doesn't include the Google Play Store and doesn't include most / any of the Google apps, which are stables in the Tablet world. No Google Inbox, etc. For me, this tablet is a "skip". But, it's cheap and if it meets your needs you might love it.
For 48" the price paid was excellent. The only con is that it isn't a smart tv. But it is 1080 HD. Would recommend.
The Fire tablet is great for the kids and runs smoothly most of the time. It sometimes freezes when in the kids profile such as when the apps have an "x" on them and won't open for an extended amount of time.
Setup for the Amazon Fire TV box was very easy. I was surprised at how little the box actually was, and just how powerful some of the apps and downloadable games were that you can use on the Amazon Fire TV.I ended up ordering the Amazon Fire TV game controller online at Amazon. I am currently not an Amazon Prime member, but may re-consider that decision in time to get even more functionality out of the box.For anyone looking to buy a relatively cheap device to maximize their TV watching and even Console game playing, look no further than the Amazon Fire TV. Although it does not compare to a Playstation IV or X-Box it does have decent graphics on some of the available games.I had also purchased a class 10 64 GB micro SD card for the Amazon Fire TV Box as well and had no trouble formatting it and getting it setup.
Got this as a gift for my sister. She was running out of book shelf space this was the great idea. She loved this gift and it has a light so you can read this one in the dark.
Easy to download books. Easy to use. Easy on the eyes when reading. Can read anywhere in any light--even in the sun! Passed my old one on to a family member. Love this Kindle !
My 4k tv has an android Amazon app., but it does not include all the features that the box has. The up-scaling of 1080p to 4k is incredible!
This box is amazing very fast smooth interface kid friendly at a great price
Amazon products amaze me for the value of what they are. This is no different. A great little 7 inch tablet where you can surf the web, watch movies, read books, or listen to music. Only really works if you have Amazon Prime. This really unlocks the potential. To really unlock the potential you can also subscribe to kindle reading unlimited if you read a lot or have several people in the family that will also read. I actually opted to return this one to upgrade to the Fire HD8 which was only about $20 more at the time and gives you a slightly bigger screen and HD resolution (I love to stream movies).
Good streaming device. Simple interface and sleek design make it easy on the eyes. Voice remote works great (much better then phone) when it comes to searching. Would buy again.
Bought this e reader for my son who loves it. After being on computers all day it is great to be able to relax and read on the flat paperwhite screen. Wi-Fi great so you can download book almost anywhere.Comfort of a real book with technology to assist with purchases. Best combination !
Prefer no amps on unit and just allow buyer to place the amps they want or will ever use.
Does just about everything you could need or want a handheld to do. Plays games, surfs the web, Skypes, etc. with ease. For the price have such a powerful system and vibrant colored screen is unheard of. Very pleased.
This was a gift for my daughter and her family. Everyone has discovered their own favorite uses for "Echo". Mom loves to use it to set multiple timers and check weather, kids play "Bingo" and Dad quickly gets news updates to start the day. I am pleased that everyone in the family has found a use for this gift. Very happy with my purchase!
Can't live without it. Controls all the smart home gadgets in the house.
Great product. She uses it everyday. Super light and easy to navigate.
Got my Alexa on sale, staff was knowledgeable, very pleased
I got this Kindle so that students I work with could use Bloxels. This is an app that goes with a physical board that allows children to create their own video games. The Kindle is certainly sufficient for the task, and has stood up to about 50 early elementary aged students use!
So happy with the color choices! This will be perfect for my 10 year old and I am thrilled with thr price!
Bought this for a gift and now buying one for myself. Very portable and easy to use.
The store representative took his time with me to choose the right size and the lady at the check out got me hooked up with Best Buy Program membership.
The tablet is great with many build in games. The only disadvantage is not a lot of storage.
It's fun getting to know all of the things this is capable of doing.
This is the best gift I think I ever got my girlfriend. She uses it everyday and reads more than ever! She loves it!!
My daughter has had this tablet for almost 2 months and it works well.
I bought for my dad who is open to smart technology but still a newbie. He found it is wasy to set up and discovering more uses for it. He's satisfied, so am I!
My 11 year loves the Amazon Fire. It is user friendly.
Best kindle I'd had yet, and i've had almost all of them. The lighting doesn't affect your sleep like a tablet and the page turns are instantaneous. Nice and lightweight too
I love my echo, it doe everything they say it does. I love listening to my music on my echo the speakers are really good.
I bought this for e-reading. Easy to use. easy access to Amazon for books.
This is for my sister. She loved her older Kindle. I know she will love this one.
Use for entertainment only. It works GREAT. Best option for those that don't want to spend so much for an I Pad.
Great product for the price no known issues at the time!
It did some things really well, like setting alarms and playing music, but there were too many times I would ask Alexa a question and she would respond saying she didn't know. I ended up returning it. Great promise, I just don't know that it is there yet.
Beautiful HD resolution on this tablet. Love the 8" size, not too big nor too small.
Several friends suggested I buy the Kindle Fire. I love it!! Great for traveling! I can check my email, update my Facebook status and read all from one device.
Having an only child this is his new best friend. They talk for hours back and forth. All joking aside the echo is awesome. I have the dot and the show as well and they are all great.
This was a Christmas gift for my husband and he loves it. It is a nice size and easy to use, whether he is reading or playing card games.
Love my Amazon Fire tablet because it's not too small and not too big. It's just the right size. It's light weight and the resolution is very good. I recommend it highly.
I bought this because I went Amazon Prime and even thought I had an HD TV, Xbox one, PS4 and even my computer i still had problems with Amazon video playing in HD. Magically after purchasing Fire TV the problems disappeared. Way to go Amazon! I bought this over the fire stick because I can add memory. It works great, and the new menu is easier to navigate. I'm not 100% on if it's worth it or not(prime and fire tv). It's like all these streaming services thousands of old videos many b movies that no one cared to watch when they came out. But as a product it works. It's easy to use. And if you like talking to your devices this will be fun for you.
This e-reader does not strain my eyes and works great in any lighting, including full sun.
This is so much better than trying to read on my phone. My eyes and head don't hurt from reading on the kindle like they would on my phone. Great product.
Bought this for a door prize, very nice features person who won it was very happy
I like Kindle obviously but I find the 10 inch is bulky, heavier and difficult to handle by someone with carpal tunnel syndrome and arthritis. It's easier to see the screen on the 10" but I prefer the smaller screen because it's better for handling with my arthritic, weak joints/grip. I do have to admit the bigger screen is better for watching videos and movies!
Got this for a Christmas present for my wife. She loves it. Finds new apps & uses all the time
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
This is now my third kindle reader. I have been exceedingly impressed with them. The paper white is the best so far. So happy that I no longer need the bulky clip on lights to read at night!
I really like my Amazon Fire Tablet, it's easy to use.
Great tablet for kids, however DO NOT charge this tablet in your car! The charger in your car will ruin your tablet! The Fire 7 tablet charger can only handle so much current and your car charger has too much current! We could not power on the tablet after trying to charge our tablets using the car charger. It happened to both of our tablets and we had the tablets less than 1 month. Best Buy was nice enough to replace one tablet and give us a refund for the other (I paid more money for a nicer tablet).
I purchased this tablet for my 5 year old. It is easy to use and i love the Kindle Freetime. Great price. Pretty durable.
Great black Friday deal. Love the tablets. Recommended
This thing is not half bad for the price. Bought it as a gift for my wife and she loves it.
Connected great and works awesome. Right out of the box it connected.
Its a good product at a good price. I got it for my 8 year old and it serves the purpose.
This is an awesome purchase if you already are an Amazon Prime Member. Easy to use, easy access to Amazon Prime music. Numerous choices available, just ask Alexa!
Alexa from Amazon offers amazing functionality including having access to Amazon's music library, it can control your Hue lighting, has the ability to provide news and weather forecasts and it even sets timers when you are cooking! The product is a must have!
I like the convenience of having information within seconds, but there's room for improvement with the software data capacity.
I have bought 2 tablets for my son and didn't open it after I received it because it was a birthday gift for them and when they open it on their Big day 1 of the tablet didn't turn on ,the screen is just purple I m out of country right now and will be back on August 4,2107 and I emailed BEST BUY "Geek Squad " and told them the whole situation but nobody responded,very disappointed it was a surprise gift for my kiddos and 1 of my son was really upset that tablet won't turn on,let's see if Best Buy read my review and take some action !!!
Amazon did it again, Alexa is awesome and controls my lights, music, can ask her questions and works great with IFTT
Haven't had a chance to use for books yet, but have used dictionary.Display is great.
I purchased this ereader because it stated you could get library booksvia USB cord (and Wifi if you are near one). I do not have Wifi andthe USB would not transfer. Tried everything, neighbor tried, readinstructions, viewed YouTube. But it wouldn't work. Took it back but it was beyond 15 days and they would only give me credit. I then upgraded to Wifi 3g and that better work for the extra money. Very disappointed as I felt I had no other choice.
I love it, I like to use to relax after coming from job
I purchased it for a gift but i have to do all the up keep and maintaining. I've been a long time prime member who has many kindle books. I see this can be good for reading out side, it's lighter than a tablet and you don't have to charge it alot, the battery lasts a long time...Setup is straight forward and doesnt take alot of instruction to use it. It displays adds while its off, but it didn't bother me at all. It took me but a few minutes to setup and learn how to use the device.If you have prime you should see all your books right away but If you don't have prime but have someone in your house that does you have to setup a household and share everything to my wife so she was able to see all the books that i had purchased (i can be selective after they are shared). One thing i noticed was there is the kindle lending library, it only allows 1 book to be borrowed per month. Recently Amazon came up with Prime Reading, so you can take out multiple books at a time but you have to do it thru the web or a tablet or phone using the kindle app, which after they are taken out the kindle will see.
How can you go wrong? $40 for a tablet that you can use as an E-reader, to check social media, to play games on? Small enough to fit in your purse? Surf the web? And it's pretty fast. I highly recommend this for anyone who is looking for an affordable tablet to use for basic things or for children who are rough on their toys. I plan to buy one of these for my mother who has an older iPad that is awfully slow.
My 10 year old uses it at school to scan qr codes and do his online math.
Easy to use. Easy to setup. Great video quality...
great storage for a Samsung phone, especially for its price
Good product, but if you have the old paperwhite, no need for upgrade in my opinion cause I noticed very little difference.
Good reader which is why I bought it. Ads are annoying.
My niece loved it! I love that it is designed especially for kids. She
Best tablet for the price!Bought 2 of this and enjoying a lot!
gave it to my wife who never used a computer or anything hi techshe loves it and had no problem learning to use it...
Purchased this tablet for my grandson who is two years old. He loved it!. But the power cord and the tablet hook up didn't work very long. I will be taking it back for a replacement. As long as the connection stays snug it's a great tablet.
can't beat the price. thinking of buying a second one for myself as this was for my wife
I just wanted something to carry in my purse for not a lot of money. This is perfect. Just jump on wifi and check emails or keep up with my books.
Bought it for my grandson he loves it. He is 5 and he know his way around the kindle better than I do.
Very happy with the Kindle tablet! Bought it to replace an old Kindle tablet. Great tablet, serves the purpose well. Basic browsing, netflix and amazon videos.Only issue is my older tablet had a mini hdmi not this one, so screen connect is only through Amazon echo.Still a good tablet!
From the moment I set up the box I have not had any problems, I restart it from time to time being that it's a small computer so to speak.
not just for the kids, for the tablet challenged (me) I find it easy to work with
This was a gift for my wife and she loves it!! It is much better than the old one
I bought this for trips as it is smaller than my iPad. It was fine to read books and check my email. The internet was slow and aggravating. I am happy with my purchase.
Wish I had bought one sooner. Very handy to take on the go.
When I first got echo for my wife and I, we really didn't have the highest expectations. It was really something we got to entertain guests. Now that we've had it for a few months, we've found so many uses for it. Turns on lights when we come home, ensures doors are locked before bed, controls the temp in the home, plays music. We love it
I bought this tablet for my kids to watch videos and use mostly educational games on it and they love it.
Now I can read in the bright sun or in the darkness of the night. Love it!
I got this as a graduation gift for my husband because he loves reading. He absolutely loves it! He loves that it doesn't glare but that it also has a built in light for when it gets dark.
Light weight, easy to use, love the lighted background. I am unable to make it stay on page count it keeps going back to hours left to read. But other then that a great ereader.
Alexia - I love you!! Controls the lights, saves my shopping list, timer, plays music plus so much more...
Very easy to learn and use. The device does a great job clearing understanding you with out having to talk funny
amazon fir is absolutely the best for streaming movies
Really have enjoyed this item.
Great for young ages and can be stored easily in school backpack
This is really the standard when it comes to ereaders. Super light weight and crystal clear.
For the price you can not buy anything better! It's great! It's easy! And I would by more any day!
Does whatever you need loud smart helpful highly recommended
I can do everything I need on this tablet while traveling - check my email, browse the internet with the silk browser app, youtube, free app games etc. Because I have an amazon prime account as well, I linked my tablet to it so I can access a huge variety of free music, tv and movies. There are several offline options to load files onto the SD card, or to your tablets memory, so you can watch movies or use it as a mp3 player while away from internet. I watched a 2 hour movie on the airplane and only went through 30% of the battery power. Beautiful screen, loud speakers with the option for headphones. I have no reason to want anything more expensive, such as an ipad or surface since this does all I need while away from home.
bought for my grand Daughter who loves it, replaced and older Kindle, this works much better for her.
I bought this for my parents. It works like a charm.
I have had one for about six months now an it's amazing so I had to buy another one for my baby girl an she love it also...
Absolutely love my new Kindle Voyager. Lightweight and compact size makes it easier to carry with me everywhere I go. Wish I had bought one sooner.
My grandson is really enjoying this product and it is standing up well to his use
This is our second full size Echo and I love it. It is a great device overall, and when combined with other smart home products it really comes to life. I highly recommend one to anyone that is curious about the features or the potential uses in home automation.
very pleased with my amazon tablet. starting with the price ,ease of use, and size.
Not many apps I'd use. Not as useful as I'd hoped.
20 for a 5w, 1A wall charger! That deal is right up there with the 30 Hdmi cables best buy wants to sell you.Here is what you do, find an old cell phone charger laying around somewhere that says 5W, 1A(1000mA ) and use it. You can safely use up to 5.25 watts and anything between .5 and 1 amp (500mA-1000mA).If you don't have an extra cell phone charger lying around just buy a well reviewed power adapter with the above specifications that connects to your Kindle (micro USB). They can be found for under 10 locally or through Amazon.
My kids like it very much! The price is low. The tablet is light weighted.
I am impressed at how easy it was to get started. I enjoy all the items that are available.
It's a nice upgrade from the 6" screen. Size is just right for small kids hands. Reading kindle books is much easier.
I bought it for my 2 (almost 3) year old. He really lover it. I love that I can put a timer on it and he can't be on it all day. It's easy to use. The only thing I hate is how fast the battery runs down even if not in use.
Perfect for my child. Only issue I have with it is the advertisements that pop up when you turn it on.
The Echo is so much fun and versatile. It continues to grow with more apps that are constantly being developed.
I bought this for my wife she loves how easy it is to use and small enough to take on trips.
Love this e-reader! Only complaint is the swipe to turn pages, wish it was an on screen button.
Great sound quality from such a small item. Easy to hide so it's not noticeable.
This is a great tablet without the steep cost of an iPad. I haven't used it too much so far but the picture and sound is pretty good and being able to stream movies/shows is quite nice.
Very easy to use. Size is just right --not cumbersome at all.
We weren't crazy about the idea of getting another portable electronic device that distracted her from her schoolwork. 5th graders need to read much more than previous years and the Paperwhite not only encourages reading but eliminates the clutter that occurs from many paperbacks. The screen is the perfect size, lighting more than adequate, and the functionality is ideal.
Buy this and load some software and you're set... Watch anything from sports to movies to tv shows...It's great!!!
My wife and I wanted our children to still enjoy the feeling of having an "iPad", so we got the Amazon Fire Kids edition. It has been awesome. I love the way you can set limits on the tablet so they're not glued to it all day long. Kids mode is extremely beneficial.
I would have to say this things is so cool. control most of my plug in stuff, like AC in the room turns it on and off with the modular
I like the way I can read many books and magazines as well as play various games on my kindle.
Useful in the kitchen, and for home automation. Would compare it to Google Home before picking one up at this time of the year.
I bought this for my grandson who loves it. Easy to understand and lots of great apps to download. Forget the iPad - buy this instead and get the same functionality for way less money
Gave as a Christmas gift. Recently learned that it stopped working within two weeks.
Very nice looking, but the setup could use some work.
This is installed in a sewing room in lieu of a cable box with a monthly fee. She uses it with prime movies and tv shows (best of all, I don't have to watch)I did set it up and tried voice search. It works great>
I've had the product for over 6 months now. No problems, great picture even in the sun, great battery life.
This is my 2nd tablet purchase at Best Buy and I am very satisfied with everything
Love it, its so easy to setup and use. The box is powerful and keeps up with everything that I am streaming, including games. This is a great unit and I have had no issues with it. Highly recommend. Also, check out some of the other apps you can load on this device, its very open and there is a lot you can do with it. If you're into electronics and having a great home entertainment setup then this is a must have.
I can control both upstairs and downstairs nest thermostats,play music,set a timer and so much more by just saying Alexia. I would recommend it to anyone!
For the price, nothing beats this. It's not a great tablet but if you only need to surf the web, email and have a decent chat, then this tablet works.
Its a good Laptop by HP. Keep getting the same HP update message even after updates have been installed is worrisome
I'mSuper happy with the echo from Amazon. It's my new best friend. :)
My mom loves the kindle fire hd 8. She had the first kindle and it was time for an upgrade! Great buy for her birthday present!!
I bought this unit since it is compatible with 4K tvs and it is great.
Purchased as a gift for the wife. She enjoys it immensely
Works way faster than my android box and is just awsome
great purchase. it does everything as expected. very easy to setup.
Nice inexpensive tablet that is easy to use. Bought it for my 5 year old son and he loves it!
This equipment is an joy to have.i would recommend product to friends.
Awesome product! Backlit, shows you page number & easier to turn pages.
firstly when I installed it. felt not much things to do with fire tv. but I am getting new features everyday by googling. a lots lots lots of features. I am enjoying mirroring feature of the product now.
Didn't like the return policy on this item. I couldn't purchase insurance on it in the store.
great screen, a little slow at times and screen touch could be better.
When I first saw this product it was a must have for me. I researched this product for weeks and was happy with what I had read. After getting the product home I must say it was OVER RATED!. This product is not user friendly, only 1 user can register, Alexa does not have the answers to much. I returned it after 5 days. Very unsatisfied
This tablet is great for browsing the internet, very affordable
Even though I own both an iPad Pro and an iPad Mini, this is my preferred e-reading device. It's light and the battery lasts a good ten times longer than my iDevices.
Handy to use and size is good. It's light weight and that's important.
I've had this tablet for a few months now and i like it. The picture is excellent, the sound from the speakers is more than sufficient and the wifi is quick.
We had no customer support. We returned the item to the store.
Very helpful and informative. Lots of fun to use. Would highly re
My younger grandson loves this, it goes wherever he goes!
This does not run Android, so no Google Play store. Amazone apps are moztly the same titles, but not all are available that you can get through Google Play. Bought this for our daughter and she enjoys it. If you have an Amazon Prime subscription you can get a lot more out of this tablet as well.
Bought one for my great nephew and one for my grandson both 7 years old and it's perfect. Price and what they can do.
Bought for the daughter for Christmas and seems to work great
My grandson loves i. He takes it everywhere with him and he never leaves it
nice tablet function well great item for surfing the Web easy to use and set up yes I would recommend
The Echo is great! There are so many uses for it. Love it!
I purchased these as door prizes and they are always loved to those who win!
Feels durable and battery lasts a long time! The screen is easy to read.
The Echo is so much fun! There is so much you can do with it!
I purchased 2 of these tablets for my kids for Christmas. They seem to like it and the quality is really good for a less expensive tablet. Amazon also offers games for free that usually cost money, so they are able to get more games as I am not one to buy games on devices. It only has 8g memory but I purchased a micro SD card for both for more storage. It's fairly easy for the kids to navigate. Overall it's a great tablet for the price.
Not the best and the brightest in the market. Bought two of them and one got damaged within the second month. Best buy was not taking it back and amazon asked a price of a whole new one for repair. Good price though but high possibility that the product might not last too long.
I bought this tablet to connect to my hdtv. After not being able to get it to connect, I called Amazon customer care who informed me that this model doesn't connect to the tv, but the previous model (4th generation) does and that I should purchase the Amazon fire stick. Why the newer model does less...who knows. If you want to watch movies just on the tablet then it's a great buy, but didn't work for my purposes.
I bought this and an AppleTV at the same time. The FireTV is just kinda OK. The interface isn't that intuitive and could use some polish. I had to enter the same username and password for multiple apps over and over (you only have to do it once on the AppleTV)...may not sound like that big of a deal, but it took much longer to setup.In my opinion, the AppleTV is a better product.
The amazon echo works great. News, sports, weather, and so much more! Excellent purchase.
Great product for all types of users. Great for reading or playing games.
The unit is well made and has tons of features for children six years and over. Was amazed at the low price and how easy it to handle even for a six year old!
Staff. Courteous and knowledgeable. Would recommend store any time. Awesome sales
The tablet works great and charges with in on hour boight for my kids.
Bought this for a 5 yr old to showcase all her photos. She loves it
Good that it has parental control. Good for a simple tablet.
It down strings very well works very well with our direct Now TV would recommend this product
I have an older Kindle. I usually read without back lighting but I like having the option to use it in a darkened room.
Very basic tablet which I purchased mostly as an e-reader. It's battery life is quite short. As a reader it is poor in the sunlight. I'd recommend if the price point is important, but you get what you pay for.
The Amazon Echo is a very high tech assistant that will control your your whole home.
I prefer spending the extra $70 or $80 to get the echo
Purchased after theft in Seattle. It was on sale and works great.
So far it begin good for my 4yrs old toddler. She enjoy every minute of it.The parental control it's a plus. It also allow you to make multiple kid and adults profiles without any problems issues.
This is a great entry tablet, if you do not want to dish out a few hundred dollars you should look into a fire table.
I got what I paid for. At this price point, there is no arguing that this is value for money. Great for accessing amazon content though my toddler finds it great streaming videos as well.
It's a good starter tablet, to bad it runs on the Amazon OS.
My kids love this item. So many things u can do with it. They ask it just about anything and it knows the answer. They set it to their favorite music. Around Christmas we just said play Christmas music and it played a variety of the best songs for as long as we wanted it to.
I have no issues with product. Daughter seems to love it
Purchased for our 3 year old grandson. He loves it.
I bought a new mobile phone at BBY, and got a $150 gift card as part of the purchase, so bought the ECHO kind of on a whim. I am not a huge technophile, so I wasn't expecting to really love it.Setup was ridiculously easy. Connected to wifi, then connected to Amazon, Spotify, and Google Calendars accounts. Now its all voice commands for questions, music, and my girls love asking Alexa for a joke. I also connected it to my WEMO switches and it works well. I am still learning the different things I can ask her.I almost gave it four stars, because it takes a little getting used to with regards to which questions you can ask, or how to phrase a command for the best result. But in the end I decided for five stars because I am fine-tuning the app settings and preferences to make the experience better.
Love the camera and many features!!! Almost like having a laptop.
Smart. Rapid response, indispensable in any house in the future
Before buying the FireTV, I had the FireTV Sticks. In an effort to cancel my cable, I signed up for Sling TV.
Love it. Purchased a second device for upstairs and downstairs. Good buy!
Great product... easy to use! Compatible with everything I want to use it for.
Bought this tablet for my 7yr old daughter for Christmas. I love that it's not overly complicated but not kiddy as well. Overall, awesome tablet for everyone.
This tablet really is worth every penny I paid plus a lot more. My daughter loves it, it allows her to do everything she wants plus provides the durability needed. We haven't purchased a case yet but have not been pressed to either the back layer has a good grip, so she holds it securely with no slipping. She can access her school work, load videos to musically and video chat with friends.
definitely enjoying this. my 5 year old uses Alexa to play all the music he wants. downside is there is no official youtube app or youtube kids. other than that, I dig it.
Even when I’m outside in bright sunlight, the words of the book I’m reading are still crystal clear. That alone makes the Kindle Oasis worth what it cost me.The Kindle Oasis wakes up in just seconds, and any book I choose instantly opens, ready to be read.It is the perfect size and isn’t heavy or bulky. I really do read for hours at a time. Sometimes I pace the floor while I read. Sometimes I’m on my elliptical machine when I read. And sometimes I’m sitting down. No matter what I’m doing, the Kindle Oasis remains comfortable to hold, and it is always easy on my eyes.When I receive a book that is in PDF, most of the time I can enlarge the words. If it won’t allow me to enlarge the words, I can change the orientation of the page and the words are automatically larger. I am able to make notes on the book if needed, and I can highlight words and/or passages.My merlot leather cover is attractive. When I flip it open, it is just like opening the cover of a book.How to Make the Battery LastOn the Kindle Oasis page, it says that its “dual-battery charging system delivers months of battery life.” This was a huge thing for me. Instead of having to charge my tablet almost every day, I would be able to read for months without charging the Kindle!Is this how my Oasis has performed? Well, not so much. There are conditions that have to be met for the charge on your Oasis to last for two months.First, you have to limit your reading to thirty minutes a day. That one is impossible for me. There are days that I am only able to read for thirty minutes, but they don’t occur very often. My Kindle goes everywhere with me, and I use just about every spare moment to read.Second, the wireless needs to be turned off. That one is easy to do but not always easy to remember. The only time the wireless needs to be on is to download one or more books.Third, this is based on your light setting at 10. That is way too low for me. I keep my light setting anywhere from 16 to 18.I don’t limit my reading to thirty minutes a day, and I try to remember to keep my wireless turned off. My light setting is kept anywhere from 16 to 18, and I put my Kindle to sleep the second I’m done reading. So how long does a single charge last me? Ten days is the longest a charge has lasted me so far, but it would have kept a charge for several more days if I had remembered to turn my wireless off. Once I succeed in keeping my wireless off, I will let you know how long the charge lasts.Now, I don’t plug it in to charge as soon as the charge on the cover gets low. I allow my cover charge to go as low as it will possibly go and then the Kindle battery will start to drain since it can no longer charge from the cover. I allow it to drain down to about 50% before I plug the cover and Kindle into my computer to charge.The one thing that surprised me was that everything on the Oasis is in black and white. For some reason, I thought that maybe the book covers would appear in color. But since I bought the Oasis to read books on, color isn’t needed.Special offers do appear on my screen but only when my Kindle is going to sleep or waking up. They aren’t a distraction, and to be honest, they are kind of fun to look at. You can pay a higher price so they won’t appear on your Kindle if you would rather not see them.I asked myself some questions once I had my Kindle and knew just how it worked. If I had known before I bought my Kindle Oasis that the charge wouldn’t last for months, would I still have bought it? Yes, I would have. If I had known that everything would appear in black and white, would I still have bought it? Yes, I would have.
The integration with Crestron Home Automation platform makes the Echo a very useful tool.
I can't return through Best Buy, because it's over 15 days. Started out ok, but then it just stopped working. It keeps freezing at home screen and I can't access anything. Extremely disappointed.
I used to be able to find these with fold in prongs wish there was that option- but it simple and well made.
The battery doesn't last as long as was advertised, if you have the money I would recommend the backlit model.
A friend gave me a Dot, which I enjoyed. I decided to explore the other devices. I was torn between the Echo and the Tap. After reading a CNET review, I chose the Tap because it is portable. My two frustrations are you cannot change the wake up word "Alexis", and you have to be exact in your language when requesting a service. If you are Amazon prime or Audible book member, it is a great addition to you household.
Spectrum works with Roku and smart cast app so we had to return and get a roku. Don't buy if you want to stream Spectrum to TVs without a cable box.
I brought 3 tablet for my grandkids and the love them. Its easy to operate and block off other web sites to make it kid friendly
My child enjoys it all the time. Games, videos etc
It's so hard to decide If i should recommend this device or not. It's super fast, gorgeous images processing when paired up with my Sony 4k. However, it doesn't have turn off button. You have to make it "sleep" to turn it off, or else they will keep turning on and keep draining your wifi resource. Too simplistic controller make it hard to type. No option to sign in and out of an app. You have to wipe the app clean or reinstall the app to sign into another account. These can be easily fixed with better software.
Very easy to use. The Kindle app works well. Regular tablet search simple games email all work fine sometimes a little slow. I used this as my travel tablet and teader. The advertising is a pain but helps keep the price down.
Im not a huge fan of the striped down android sytem. No google app store. But pretty powerful for the $35 I got it for. Plays movies , expandable memory, so-so speaker, and of course as far as e reading goes, it works.
So very happy with the new kindle ! I highly recommend this product !
Absolutely love it. So lightweight and convenient to take on the go!!
Gift for my grandpa so he can do internet searches from his chair and play games. He loved it. It's simple to use and inexpensive
This keyboard works as a case as well for your ipad and when attached seems just like a net book...I really like it I think I will end up buying another for the mini ipad...
You can't beat a tablet at this price! I bought it mostly for reading books on the go on the Kindle app, but I've also been using it for so much more. I would recommend to anyone looking to buy an extra device at a low price.
It does everything that it is suppose to. It does seam to be a little slow over wifi. Does seam to buffer now and then So much faster then my Apple TV! I love it! Netflix loads instantly and very clear!
I absolutely love this speaker. It is easy to use and the app is user friendly. I have used it at the beach, pool, lake, and park I will not travel without it.
I purchased 2 of these for my kids. They work very good. No quite as solid as original kindle fire.
It is amazing and it works great in another room from the Amazon Alexa that we already have.
We bought this as a birthday present for my 8 year old. It has almost everything she wants on it. Only problem is Amazon's app options are limited compared to Apple or Google Play. Other than that, she loves it.
Accurate info relayed so farEasy to understandEntertaining
My wife and I love our Kindles when cruising or out at the beach. They work great in sun and are compact and travel well.
Use my tablet everyday. No problems. Easy to carry
Awesome and very cheap, but would recommend!!! Awwwwwwww
I had the original kindle fire for ten years and I loved it. But it broke on me and I decided on this one after looking at all the upgrades from the original. It let's you do so much more, but some of the tutorials (like for the internet) weren't helpful.
We got one of these for my mother in law. She mostly plays games and looks at things online. The tablet is good for a minimal browsing and games...not for expert use.
I use this all the time at home. Usually for radioandpod casts. Alexa usually understands me and does what I ask.
I'm thinking it gets smarter the more you use it. Provides good info on daily stuff; best route to work, traffic, etc. Not too good on follow up questions. Wife likes when it greats her when she gets home.
If you want a tablet that is current and works well with the android platform and that you won't have a coronary when you kid drops on the floor, in the toilet, or anywhere then this is for you. We have 4 total and Amazon service if you have any issues is second to none. They even replaced previous ones for free when the charging port got loose but it seems that is now a problem of the past.
My grandson broke his Amazon fire table one day after warranty expired. He was disappointed. So I bought him an 8 version . He had a big smile.
Echo is great for quick question and very entertaining for my son he is always coming up with questions for Alexa. The last thing I do before walking out the door every day is ; Alexa what is the weather and traffic today? Technology today gotta love it.
Fun to use but not fun with the software. I tried forever to get it to recognize my light modules to turn the lamps on and off. I gave up. If they ever fix the software it would be great. Other than that, it is nice to ask Alexa things and play music. Speaker is good. Amazon Echo software needs a lot of improvement.
Very easy to install and use. Will be saving us money in the future.
Great gift for someone who is into the latest technology gadgets.
We bought this for our 7 year old and at first we had some issues loading things, but things seem to be working great now. He loves it and he can play games and load apps. Just what we wanted it for.
loves it perfect for kids sound quality picture perfect
I switched to a Kindle because my second Nook died. The Kindle is very easy to use and extremely easy to read. There is virtually no eye strain even after many hours of reading. Also it is very sturdy.
I love to read! Having the Kindle Fire is like having hundreds of books at my fingertips!
It's technically sound, but not extremely useful. Perhaps future updates will make it more useful.
I bought this because my iPad 4th gen gave up on me and it a waste of money to buy a new one so I got this amazon kindle fire for $34.99. Its a good deal for a replacement so I don't have to use my phone to check my emails...
I love to read and this Kindle Paperwhite is great. And being a Bookbub member. I get free books automatically loaded to my Kindle. And borrowing books from the library is eady and trouble free.
Not too big not too small. He can take he tablet for long rides so he's not bored and also learn with it.
It reads my textbooks to me while I play card games. Why did I wait so long to buy this thing? I should add that I am an Amazon Prime member so that might be needed to take full advantage of this feature. Cortonna will read all of my books to me. I didn't have to upgrade my books or pay extra per book.
This unit works great. We ditched cable and this is a great alternative. We have had no problems with this unit.
I never thought i would need this having siri, but siri can't tie alexas shoe laces. I have her tied into my home automation system and its amazing. The speaker quality is not the greatest but not to shabby. The only complaint i have is having multiple Echos i can't sync them... Over all a must buy...
I purchased these to give to customer who hit a specific goal, and the competition was fierce - so fierce, in fact, that I decided to award TWO of them to the top two customers who both achieved the goal.
The device is amazing the kids love it. It's very easy to use almost like a iPad.
Simple and easy to operate. Upgrade from another kindle.
This is a great buy for what you get. We always buy the low price great quality tablet, Amazon fire, and then get a micro memory card and upgrade the memory so they can download tons of games and videos. I highly recommend this tablet
I'm a little challenged when it comes to stuff like this , but it's many functions makes it fun to learn new things .
It was working great then all of a sudden it wouldnt come on
Gotta love technology. What a cool device. I use it for playing music
Price was too high( so we found out). Customer service at Best Buy in North Myrtle Beach had very little patience with our questions, not enough questions answered. We later found out that this too is Best Buy policy.
Replaced my 10 year old Kindle Reader with this. Nice and light. much faster than my old one too.
Definitely an excellent kindle for the price. Cant beat it.
The Echo is not cheap but provides entertainment far beyond its original cost. The longer I have it, the more uses I find. ....and it looks good.
I bought this as a Christmas gift and he loved it.
It will not charge in USB on computer, have to take it in.
Good e-reader overall. I Bought it for my husband and he likes it. I have not heard any complaints.
I love how easy and interactive product is. Set up in a snap with easy to follow directions.
Bought my wife one 2 years ago, she loves it. Picked up 2 Moore for Christmas gifts. Great price.
Must have for people who have an Amazon Prime account and an Echo. Portability and water resistant. Works great by the hot tub or pool, and let's you access the normal Alexis capabilities.
Great device to have also inexpensive, I brought 5 of these. Get one.
Love this product it does everything, answers questions, plays my music from iPhone plays games tells jokes etc ...
Got this for my wife for Christmas I think she will love it great value for price
My daughter has been wanting one for quite sometime! I love the durability, and that I can set limits to what she does!!
The tablet is a good one, for such a great price. Cant beat it.It is a great tablet and my son enjoys it.
Hard time getting the free apps to load and the voice app to turn off when my seven year old accedently turned it on.
Apples & oranges. They're both fruit, both tasty, but they are different at the same time.When thinking about the new $50 7" Fire tablet, keep in mind that this is not a high-end Samsung or iPad Mini. It does a lot of the same things, but it's different. It costs a fraction of the cost. With that perspective in mind, this is a fantastic value. In fact, short of finding a nice, 2nd-tier Asus , LG, or Lenovo tablet being pushed on discount sites, probably as refurbs, you're not going to find anything that comes close in value to this new Fire tablet.Prior to getting it, I had my concerns, particularly with the screen given the lower resolution. I have a dozen tablets, and have tried about a dozen others, and screen quality is not something you want to scrimp too much on. Amazon got this right. It is not as crisp as my older Kindle Fire HD 7" or my Galaxy Note 8.0 or my iPad Mini, but for casual reading, gaming, video viewing, email, etc., the screen is just fine. Worlds beyond most low-end/budget tablets I've tried (especially anything costing under $100 new). My daughter, who has been using a Kindle Fire HD 7", has not cared one bit about the slightly lower screen resolution.The new Fire OS operating system looks & feels much more like Android or iOS, which is nice overall. It still is not perfect, but overall I think it makes for a much better user experience than the version on older Kindle Fire tablets.The 8GB of internal storage is, of course, paltry, but with the very welcome addition of a microSD slot, carrying loads of media with you for offline consumption is not an issue. What remains to be seen is how performance is impacted if/when the little bit of available internal storage gets filled with apps and other content. So far, this has not been a problem.The inclusion of both front- and rear-facing cameras is a nice bonus. No, you're not going to capture great shots. But both cameras are usable and add value.The speakers are OK. Volume and quality is not great, but is acceptable for general use - and, of course, you can also use headphones or an external speaker to kick things up a notch (or several notches).If you have $150 or more to spend on a tablet, and plan on using it quite a bit, then you can definitely find something a bit nicer. If you're getting this for just occasional use, or for a kid, and are not accustomed to using a high-end tablet, then this is a fantastic buy. I've tested over 20 tablets and for a sub-$100 tablet, this is absolutely a great value. At its current price of $50, it's a no-brainer. Kudos to Amazon for raising the bar on budget tablets AND making quality tablets available to the masses.
This Kindle has no extra bells or whistles that would cause major battery drainage. Sometimes less is more. No distractions to keep you from reading, no backlights to fatigue your eyes. Be aware that you can't read this Kindle in the dark.Pretty simple to operate. FYI there is no wall plug adapter for this unit only the USB cord that plugs into the Kindle, and computer for charging. You can buy an adapter separately. If you have the Kindle Fire HDX that adapter works with this kindle. You can use that adapter to charge it from the electrical outlet.I recently purchased this Kindle. I do have had other Kindles, and enjoy them immensely.I purchased this one for outdoor use.So far I Love it!
I liked this tablet because it's easy to use and I like Amazon products. But if you are looking for something simple that doesn't break the bank and gets the job done this product is for you.
I would absolutely recommend purchasing this product. She can play music, interact with you by playing games once you adjust your settings. You will LOVE her and want to buy one for each room.. We purchased an Echo and now have 3 dots for each of our bedrooms so we now have our own assistants in our bedrooms. DEFINITELY if you are considering this DO IT NOW!!! You will NOT regret it.
There is nothing else I can say about this product except that it is an excellent gadget to have around the house. You want to hear music, have a question about the weather, Trivia, sports, etc. Just ask Alexa.
New Kindle Fire 8 is easy to setup, great for reading, no issues at all when trying to connect to my home network. I would recommend this item for anyone who wants to read and get on the internet.
I bought the paperwhite for my mother for christmas. It was very easy to set up and excellent that you had it on Christmas eve!
You can't go wrong for $50.00 The only thing is that the graphics and speed aren't the best.
Great product! Just as I expected!!
Love the firetv box. It is faster than the firestick, had more storage space n allows for ethernet cable connection for more stable connection. If u get a tv with roku built in there can be interference between box n tv. Dont get roku built in tv with this box.
It's a great eReader and the font is much clearer than that of the Paperwhite, but that may not be enough to justify the extra $$$. The page turn buttons are a great addition too.Would be good if Amazon would add audiobook capability though.
I love the ease of alexa. My mom lives with me and she does understand how to use iTunes on her ipad... but she van ask Alexa to play any music she wants to hear.
Amazon Echo is a great personal assistant. I find it more helpful than Siri on my iPhone. It can be used to set timers, work outs, and silly things like telling jokes plus much more. Also, it can be used to turn your home into a smart home which I have done with my lights. "Alexa, turn on lights."
This is a good item, i purchased several of these including family members, friends, and ideal for gift. I do recommend these devices, the special offers are not annoying.
Not an iPad but an excellent value. Satisfied with purchase.
If you like to read but don't want a lot of clutter, or just don't have the space for dozens of books on your shelf then this is the solution. The layout is simple to use and the screen is perfect. Reading in direct sunlight isn't an issue thanks to the matte finish of the e-ink display. The battery on this thing will outlast any other electronic you have in your house.My only complaint/issue is that as a avid reader off comic books, this device thanks to the nature of the display don't allow me to enjoy my favorite medium.
Super good daily use tablet, just tends to freeze here and there.
Works well and easily portable. Worth the money...
Bought for my 8yo twins. They love it. Games, camera, and videos. Easy to use.
Over all the product is good batteries that are supplied seem to of been dead but other wise very good
I really like this product. It is my first e-reader. My family has had them but now that I have my own I love it. It really looks like you are reading a real page in a book and the backlight is what really makes the difference for me. It allows me to read anywhere even in the dark without worry about fumbling with a reading light. Although I love the feel of a real book and watching the bookmark go further through the pages I am starting to get over that. The connivence of holding this instead of a book and also being able to have multiple books going at once without carrying a bunch of books with you is great. I can fit this in my coat pocket on the train while I commute. It is pretty small and now that I figured out how to borrow kindle books from my library via overdrive I save a ton of money by borrowing instead of paying for all my kindle books. I definitely recommend this Kindle Paperwhite product, the 300 ppi screen is really nice and the price is very reasonable. I couldn't find any reason to buy the more expensive version called the Voyage so my opinion is get this one.
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. I read it every night before I go to bed.If you love to read before bed - I highly recommend the Paperwhite vs. the other Kindles - the others are like computer screens - and it is very stimulating to your brain... this is just like reading paper - except you don't need a light on in the room because it's back lit - but you can adjust the light from fairly bright to very low. Battery lasts 10 to 15 days depending on how much I read.
High quality and very dependable. Very easy to set up.
I bought this kindle paperwhite for my wife, she has a kindle and she likes to read at night, this paperwhite has a light so you can read anytime. She really loves it.
I've bought over 10 replacement charging wires, the ones with the micro mail end that inserts into the Fire to charge it. After one or two uses, the wires become loose and fall out. They definitely won't stay put to charge. Does anyone else have this problem? What's the solution? If not for this, I would recommend it.
Ive always been a fan of mad max and this game surely is satisfying! Pure action at its best!
We had gotten some of the other Kindle fire tablets and they were all great to use. This one is no exception.
Don't underestimate the power and versatility of this Fire. I'd definitely recommend it!
I purchased a Kindle reader a few years ago and wasn't impressed but this one is much lighter and has an easier to read screen...and it's backlit for night reading. This one is a keeper.
Purchased this as a gift on Black Friday got a great price. Very happy with the quality.
Its very user friendly for someone not good with computer at all.
I love this product really great out the box easy to use
I purchase this kindle for father's day and my uncle loves it
Good tablet for the price. Nothing flashy and does the job. Play games, search the Internet listen to music and watch movies.
Once you get a stable and reliable internet you're good to go !
I bought this for a gift and my little niece got in love with it
This is such a great invention! I mainly use it to play my music.
I bought 3 for my three granddaughters for Christmas. They love it. I love it too, free games, books, movies
understands all the different accents and you have all the info ready and available alway
Got this at a great price as a second tablet. The battery life is so good that I use when traveling for movie watching. Great screen and quick response times.
I love it he is three and does everything on it so many learning games he likes to play he does amazing with it
I purchased this tablet as a gift for a graduate based on the recommendation of a Best Buy Associate. The graduate has provided great reviews and continues to use it. It was easy for her to set up and she able to access apps and programs that meets her needs. I woul recommend this tablet based upon my experience.
Easy to use and fast on. Great for sun or night A+++
I use my Echo everyday. Alexa has become part of my life from telling me the time, the weather, playing music, setting timers and alarms, giving me a news brief, turning my lights or portable heater on/off, playing games, and so much more. Her voice control works very well and is very responsive. The sound quality is very good. New skills are automatically added all the time.
The Kindle is very great reader and recommendable for people.
Bought this to use on my travels. comes in handy surfing the web.
Just what I expected!
Battery life is very long and the sound is surprisingly good. Alexa is not as 'smart' as the marketing would like you to think. I get a lot of 'I don't know the answer to that'
I love the 7 inch Kindle fire. Great graphics and easy to handle and read from!
it was to be a gift but not really liking it for myself but it's ok
This kindle has good quality for the price I bought it for. It can basically do anything an iPad does, but it is a lot cheaper. If you want to buy your kid a device, I recommend this one because it's cheap and if it breaks then it wouldn't put a big dent in your pocket to buy a new one or you won't feel bad for spending your money on it.
I bought this as a gift for my son-in-law. He loves gadgets so I knew he would appreciate the Echo. I had received this as a gift last Christmas and absolutely love it.
This is my second tablet, but first based on android. This is their entry level tablet but still very responsive and snappy. The memory is upgradeable via memory card.
I love reading & I have thought about getting an e-reader for a while now. The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight, has adjustable lighting, is easy to read inside & outside, & the text is adjustable for both size & type. Holds a charge for days, even when used for hours at a time. Amazon has thousands of books for Kindle, many deals/discounts & even has books that are free. Well worth purchasing if you love to read.
I have owned a Echo Dot and Wand prior to purchasing the Echo. Based on my experience with all of the gadget I have to say that they are all very useful. Alexa is not perfect but does most of the things I want it to do well.
If you love Amazon, you'll love the Kindle HD8. It's a great size for reading all those books, streaming movies and tv shows, and has great sound for listening to your favorite music. For less than $100, you can't beat the versatility of this little device!
I bought 5 tablets for my grandchildren for Christmas. They loved them. Ages ranged from 5 to 12. Made shopping easy for this grandma.
This an amazing device. Must have for prime members
Alexa echo is a great device. It's pretty easy to use and convenient.
It's not bad for the novelty of Alexa. Might as well get the echo. Sound it not bad and I'm no audiophile. Might be good when my echo dots come in. Is it worth it? There are better Bluetooth speakers out there.
Bought the original paper white and loved it. Even though there is not a tremendous difference between the two units, I have found that it is lighter and adjusts to light much better. Is it really worth the price difference is questionable. I would recommend this product to any avid reader.
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
Gave this for a gift and they absolutely love it. Also purchased the stand so it won't tip over. Easy to use.
I love my kindle, the paperwhite is great for reading outside because you don't get a reflection back like you do with other types of kindles. The white color is a nice change.
We bought this for our teenage son. It's easy to use and he loves it. We ended up purchasing another for our 7 year old daughter.
I'm a big fan of Kindle tablets so i got one for all the kids for christmas
I bought the tablet for my 2 year grand daughter. The system comes with a set of kid friendly games and allows you to put the tablet on kid mode.. this keeps her in the "safe zone". I also installed ABC Mouse. Another hit program
This is my 3rd Kindle and I think its the best yet! Love the new features and will never go back to paperback books again
got as a replacement for young child. worked well for him.
Difficult to convert music files from I-tunes to put on this device and that is why I purchased it. Takes a lot of time to transfer files.
We have Amazon Prime, so I wanted to replace my older Apple TV, so I could stream directly to the TV. Very happy with purchase. Alexa works well, which is an upgrade over just the Fire Stick.
They make the perfect gift. I give them out to my customers every year.
Purchased for book reading but works well as a tablet. Wasn't thinking that it would be a full replacement for my old IPad but working well as one.
Bought this for my 90+ year-old, totally no-tech mom. Her first e-book is Gone with the Wind. She likes the size and ease of use.
I use Alexa every day! From using the Amazon Echo with smart home devices to little questions the Echo is a must have!
I bought this for my son. He been reading books and searching stuff on line and watching youtube on it. He said it didn't hurt his eyes like the iPad.
I bought this as a gift on father's day weekend and he loved it. It's a simple tablet that does everything it's supposed to, excellently. Perfect for reading and watching video and movies. Would recommend if you're not looking for anything too powerful.
This Tablet is awesome. Easy to set up and navigate.Compact. Easy to hold.
The perfect gift for someone who needs company. She talks to Alexa and told me she appreciates that's Alexa is very polite.
Slow response. Wait 5 sec to turn a page. Frustrating. Best Buy says too bad so sad for me.
Pleased with my purchase.
My 7 year old loves the tablet. It is very durable.
This is a very good tablet. The only con is you may have to reboot it too often.
I thought this would just be a fun novelty but it isn't. Set up was a snap and i located it centrally in our home via WiFi. No problem at all and it worked the first time. I have a Kindle Fire tablet and that does help a bit in management. Once set up i then added skills and even used IFTT. So now, i have a flash briefing with news i am interested in, my WEMO lights are controlled by voice as well as WEMO app, i listen to my music, i get the weather information, my family listens to jokes and much more.
Great product... Had gone to Walmart... Priced very expensive... Best Buy saved the day...
Great tablet from a great company will stay with this company for all other tablet purchases
My wife wanted a backlight with her kindle, in addition to other features! Even if not on sale, this is a great buy for anyone who enjoys reading!
Just make sure you have the proper internet to make it work to it's full potential, but if so, the uses are limitless and you can actually get rid of cable if you do it right!
My kid loves it. It's really convenient for us to put educational games on it for him.
I held off getting a tablet and wish I had done it sooner. The Amazon Fire 8 is great and easy to use
Fire TV provides good quality picture and great remote control.
You can do some many things and the best part apps for free on Amazon underground!
Very simple setup and a great little item for the price.
Gift to my granddaughter for Christmas. She loves it. Works great. I also purchased a stand for Alexa and gives it support.
Easy to set up, ready to go! I start my morning asking about the weather and traffic. I bought this thinking I would eventually buy the smart bulbs, hub, etc. so I can have Alexa turn on/off the outside lights. So far, very pleased. Great sound quality for a smaller device, I was really impressed with the speakers.
Watch amazon prime and netflix on it for cheap. What else do you need from a tablet that costs under $50.
It is exactly what I wanted, I can recommend this article to my friends
My boys absolutely love Being able to do ABC mouse on here and I Feel this was one of my greatest purchases
got this for grandson, didn't want to spend a lot on 1, and this 1 fit the bill, great value, no issues
For what the Kindle Fire does, at $50, it's practically a steal. The reason why I bought the Fire was because it's excellent 'Read Aloud' function. There are many books that do not come in Audiobook format, which I need- I don't have as much time as I would like to sit down and read these days. The Kindle Fire has allowed me to finally get to these books, while I'm working out, or driving.Good points:It reads aloud very well, with several fairly natural sounding voices.Amazon can convert most PDFs into a readable format, and you can change the speed. Battery lasts pretty wellBad Points:The Fire's OS could use some reworking- switching bluetooth on and off isn't exactly convenient, being buried under a few menus, which don't seem to be customizable.All in all, it's a great buy at $50!
We recently purchased this as a gift for charity. We chose this because we purchased the same type tablet for our daughter and couldn't be more please. It's very easy set up and super user friendly. I would def. recommend this for a child rather than a more expensive product.
I bought it for my husband for a gift but I use it as much as he does. Perfect size, good sound quality overall great product.
Everything is good, but no youtube good amount of apps
Not impressed but don't regret it. I like the parent controls a lot though - main reason I got it.
It's unfair for me to rate this product cause I have not even taken it out of the box to set it up.
This thing is the coolest thing time play with love it
I got this to replace a Sony reader--can't get books for it anymore. That's all I really wanted it for, but I have played around with it to go on-line or check e-mail. Pretty easy to use (but it comes with next to NO instructions). If anything, it comes preloaded with too much stuff. But they are all freebies, so I don't care. I like being able to adjust the type face size, turning the page with a flick of my finger and always coming back to where I am in my book if I put the system to sleep. It has a back lit screen, so I can read in bed or in the dark even without disturbing my husband. I'm very happy with it.
Wonderful brother...................................
good for the 7 year old grandson to use easy parental controls
Wall charger is convenient. Just wish it was sold with the kindle instead of having to purchase it separate. Seems like it should be standard in the package. Had to purchase in a bundle in order to get it included with kindle.
This is a good little tablet that takes a mini memory card. It is a little slow to load at start up, but otherwise is very handy and fast. Light weight and good for travel. At this price point ($50), I would not hesitate to recommend it.
Great little lap top with touch screen, absolutely ruins you.
This device has changed my marriage for the good!! Me and my wife have been glued to the tube, cuddling every night...
I am very pleased with my purchase the tablet is a great project is there a product is very versatile
I use this device to collaborate all my entertained needs. Amazon Prime, Netflix, Plex, etc.
Its pretty good for the price, my only concern is the quality of the picture, not an hd one, my daughter complain when shes taking pics.
We love these so much we've put one on each floor of our house so we don't have to move them from our basement or living room.
The product is great. The fact is there are so many things that opened up to use the unit with.
Love that I could buy a card to increase storage, the Picture quality was awesome! And the price was very reasonable! I had one happy granddaughter
Husband loves it-great screen. Light and easy to use
It was a Xmas girt for my granddaughter but read on it's abilities
Fire tv good for streaming install kodi and get free movies
Bought this as a Fathers Day gift for myself using the gift cards my family gave me and love it.
Purchased for my son works great and great price..
I read lots and this one is the best so far!!!!!!!
I like what I've done so far. I am pleased with it.easy to use and read.
Works great! Just the right size. Would recommend to family and friends.
It's nice and simple. Easy to carry around. If you have children its not bad when traveling
I bought this for my wife who wanted it more for travel. Ideal for airplane travel and works well with cover on the beach as well. She even uses it a lot in the home.
Every household should have one of these! It is great for music...does so much more. I am in process of making my home "smart" and it works lots of the smart home devices (all that I have purchased so far!) Must have in any family!
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it for it's games and learning apps. As for navigating the app store it is not as easy as apple or android. But you get use to it.
The Unit works exactly as described. A very good buy.
My iPad 2 is starting to show its age . As it tends to slow, I thought of getting a newer version. Instead I saw this advertised and couldn't pass it up. Been a great decision so far.
The Amazon Fire TV is the way to go! Very easy to set up and use!!! A++
I can play games, surf the internet or watch movies. I can check my e-mail or just about do anything I can do on a regular computer.I strongly recommend it.
This tablet could be so much better if the apps actually worked decently. The built in Amazon pieces for Prime members is great and work flawlessly. But it's not enough to overcome the terrible app behavior and countless freezes. They need to take a lesson or two from Apple.
I love my kindle voyage. It is very little weight and I love the page press that it has, don't even have to move your hand to turn the page. You can read it in the bright sun and in the dark which no over brand of tablets you can do that with.
This product was very easy not only for my 7 and 8 year old nephews but it was rather easy for my 3 and 4 year old nephews to navigate as well. Still works from last year and thats why we purchased one this year for my niece.
This replaced a gift from the past year that didn't come with an expansion slot. He was very happy to get this.
I Ive used this for a month now. It works great 75 percent of the time. Alexa doesnt always understand you. The mic doesnt hear you when your 20 feet away.
Good tablet for my daughter! She loves it ,but she gets annoyed how the battery runs out quickly!
So I love, love, love e-ink. I'm not even a big reader but t's this magic technology that no one seems excited about. There is literally ink inside the screen that moves up or down electronically. So it is literally an actual printed book page that can change in an instance.I like the Kindle Paperwhite and it does everything I need. But this particular version doesn't have the same pleasing page color as my 5 year old Kindle, which is strange. But I really needed the light to actually be able to read when I usually want to read. So when the light is on it's pretty nice.The interface is rather slow, which is to be expected given it's not a traditional LCD screen (it's literally a printing press), but I wish the interface had better ways to organize and change the order of books. The other problem I had was that the first one I received had a large hole in the upper layer of the screen (where the light diffuses through) so it had this glowing hole that reminded me of a giant stuck pixel. Also there were a few random stuck black spots. The next one did not have these problems. Amazon will replace it for you if it does.
Bought 3 tablets .one already broken my 5 year old Grandson washed his he did not know any better but the other to are fine Thank You they love them.
I love my Amazon Echo!!! Great product and simple set up.
resolution a little low on the screen, but excellent tablet for the price
I just retired and Alexa will be a great companion now that I'll be at his me.
Without the lights, thermostat or alarm that you would attach to the echo doesn't seem like a practical thing. If you plan on having the other items to connect then it would probably be a better device for you. Again, solid device I just don't have use for it daily.
Used it as a bluetooth speaker and love how I can use Spotify with it....just say Alexa, and ask for your favorite artist.....
My daughter absolutely loves this! It is very user friendly. My only issue with it would be that it doesn't come with a camera automatically installed.
This is a great tablet for the price! Love the pink color!
I have this and I bought this for the gift of my brother-in-law and I am really glad to see the smile in his face. It works great and it is good for a movie fan.
I read mixed reviews on these tablets and nearly talked myself out of buying one, but then on Black Friday the price hit 35 bucks temporarily, so I bought it.I am really happy that I did.While it's no where near that of the Apple devices in overall image quality, it puts out a pretty nice screen view with plenty of color and brightness.I was able to download all the main social media apps, several streaming content apps, and plenty of games to mess around with all for free. So far only 1 app has "crashed" on me resulting in a restart.The size is perfect, almost fits in a man's jeans back pocket without a case, but large enough to enjoy looking at for extended periods.Battery seems to hold up well, and the buttons are working as they should, with quick transitions and processing.I added a 64GB SD card to store things later, but I never planned on using it for much more than an around the house browsing or streaming device.The camera works well.The sound is decent.They make cases just like that of the Apple tablets for as little as 8 bucks.Bottom line, it's not the best tablet, but it is a good one for someone who's never used one or just wants one for general purpose use. I would trust a device from Amazon a lot quicker then some of these cheaper tablets.We bought 4 more to give away at Christmas we liked ours so much.
The Amazon fire tablet has alot of features im very pleased with it.
Bought this item on Black Friday and was going to give it as a gift but kept it for myself. Excellent value!
Bought for my son. No need to worry about an expensive tablet getting broken. Best $50 I ever spent for him.
My family loves the Echo and I also have one in the office.
I had been reading on my iPad mini but I was scared it would damage it carry it around. This is perfect!!
Was a present for my 14 year old grandson. He was very pleased.
Setup was easy and you can manage stuff with the Alexa app on the phone (of course you need an Amazon account). So far only used it for music and setting timers but works pretty good. Tons of skills/apps available so we'll try more soon!
I have purchased 5 in the last few months and have been pleased with the products
I would recommend everyone to get this item. You do have to purchase prime for $99 for the year but it will eliminate your cable bill because you have plenty to choose from to watch.
Love it!!! works very well.. I already had amazon prime service and was loving it for fast delivery and no shipping charges... Now, i am getting more bonus out of Prime for using Fire TV!!! works great. some of apps do not work very well. but, that's the app. most of app works fine. I am sure people will continue to fall in love with amazon TV and App will continue to improve.
Great tablet for my three year old son It's really easy for him to use
Great alternative to cable. I have purchased these for several of my family members. I have a 70 inch 4K tv and the picture is clear. The device is user friendly and can get many apps.
Grown to love this and I have three of them. Great speaker and Alexa is very useful, from checking weather, playing music, using as a timer and many other features.
Works great, but should have been included with the purchase of the Kindle not 20 more dollars.
I recommend it Amazon-Fire This product is excellent ...
I will recommend for other parents to buy this product
Great table. In fact t am typing this review with it now
You get lots of movies & TV show from Amazon Prime
My son's and daughter love it. They don't have a hard time understanding how to use it.
Bought for son for Christmas very easy to use and durable
The new paperwhite reaches the sweet point of price and specs. I'll not pay for the extra 80 bucks just for the page press.
i got this for my 4 year old granddaughter for her to you tube and its great.
Convenient to use for music, news reports and the weather!Love the hands free ability to adjust volume or to change genre.
My kids love the kindle. It was their favorite Christmas present.
Just love got it for my granddaughter just plain great
Use to control lights and tempature. Works great for that. Also some music via Bluetooth.
We love this so much. Adding all the home-automation skills this device offers has made a really cool change in our daily activities. Just speaking to Alexa keeps our grocery list and calendar fully up to date...and with such little effort. The quality of the speaker is also very good....it's pretty much replaced the stereo in our living areas.
I absolutely love my new Kindle. The size is perfect. My kids and I can't put it down!
I was always an IPad person but after having this I'm fine with it. It's easy to use and inexpensive.
These tablets are a great value -- theyre perfect for kids or users who just want to browse the web, read, etc. They are not the most powerful but for the price they're an amazing deal.PS use a search engine and learn how to sideload Android apps. The Amazon store is a bit limited and missing some popular apps. Sideloading removes that problem all together.
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my mother so she could access her Facebook account easily. She loves the ease of using it. I have 3 kindle tablets in my home and they are used daily. My mother uses hers for email and some light gaming and for watching Netflix as well. Very satisfied.
The kindle fire is such a great tablet with alot of different apps and so easy to use.
Bought for my two grands to play games,etc. more affordable than an iPad for each.
It works
Great product! Great for kids great for games !!!!
Very study tablets. 2 others grands liked theirs. Salesman was very helpful finding 2 different color models
Amazon - Fire HD8 - 8 - Tablet - 16GB - Wi-Fi - Black I purchased this for my sister. I really appreciate the Geek Squad for setting this product up for her and for teaching me how to use it. Now I can pass that I learned onto my sister.
Last minute online purchase before taking my daughter on a trip. It was ready for pick up in an hour and kept her entertained the entire ride.
Great tablet for simple reading, web surfing without too many features
My 15 year old is curious about adult material. But with this tablet you can control so much of the content he sees. You can even control how much he learns before watching videos and games.
Good device for a school age child convent use easy download
I got this because is difficult to not look at the price and jump on it, its a very basic tablet that can be use as a go to device on the go.
I use it every single day. In the kitchen for cooking timers, to listen to music, and to control lights in our house. It has definitely made our busy lives convenient. Highly recommend it if you are thinking of automating your house.
I got tired of lugging my laptop around everywhere. I asked my daughter-in-law how she like her tablet. She loves it.So, I decided to get me one, especially since my kindle didn'thave a light, where I could read my books. I'm still figuring out,how to use it.
Works well for the intended purpose. Easy to download the app I required for additional viewing.
I bought this originally for a younger child to download apps for learning for school and for a few games. It works well, no issues with that, but it is a little harder for him to navigate. From my standpoint, it is smooth and operates the way I expect it.
Great tablet great price no complaints definitely great.
Got this for 35$ thanksgiving day. Lighter than the original and actually faster than ipad air. The 32 micro sd only cost me 9$. There is no way ipad can beat this!!!
I love the fact that it can take a lick and keeping on ticking my grandson is a bit rough on things.
Awesome tablet just what I wanted for my son he has loved it!
Bought this tablet for my son to replace his older kindle fire. Works great!
Love my tablet easy to work and have no problem with down loads.and lite weight.
Perfect, fast, smooth... 4K .... It's best in market btw... Better than Apple TV
Bought for my 8 year old - good price and does what she likes
I use this hours a day. Whether it is for listening to spotify or turning on a wemo-device, the battery life, sound quality, and voice recognition is great.
Set up is simple and more useful than I imagined. I added amazon music so I can listen to virtually anything I think of or Hear some new tunes.
What a neat gadget. It is is easy to set up and we've had a lot of fun with "Alexa".
I was glad to get this device to help me "cut the cord" and get away from the cable TV high rates.
programming Echo is time consuming, I still have not gotten everything programmed that I would like. We don't use it as much as I thought we would either.
I was going to have to be face down after eye surgery recently and decided to get a tablet to be able to look at the internet and movies on something other than my phone. While there are ones which have more features (and better software), the Fire HD8 had a good price and was available. It had gotten good reviews, and it performs well, with great battery life. If you're looking for a good, basic tablet, this is a nice option.
Was surprised by reviews I read stating this device had a great display. By no means is the display bad, but please, this device only cost $40. It does not compete with the iPad and Galaxy tablets. The Fire OS needs some sharpening up.
Good product for beginners, has basic features necessary
This is a great tablet at a great price! It was easy to set up.
This is a easy friendly e-book for everyone in your family
They came out strong with there best foot forward. Love it and use it daily
My daughter (4) she loves it. Easy to navigate, hard to break.
Awesome video streaming device. Great picture quality, easy hook up. Out of everything this media device offers I must say the sound quality gets 5 stars. If you have this device connected to your surround sound you will not be disappointed at all. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because I can't connect my hard drive to watch my home family video's the USB slot does not recognized my home movies on my hard drive or thumb drive.
I absolutely love the Kindle Paperwhite! It is my first e-reader but it's won me over! I had to choose between the Kindle and the Nook. Each had it's advantages and the only reason that the Kindle won out was because of my obsessive usage of Amazon. I don't like that it uses a proprietary format (other formats are usable such as PDF.) but there are workarounds out there...The screen is crisp and looks just like paper. I barely notice the e-ink refreshing and I can read for hours without discomfort. The built in light is great for night reading and it's so light!Overall, a great device and if you can wait there are price drops fairly often.9/10. Would buy again.
My original kindle keyboard died after four years. I spent the day looking at reviews online and asking friends about theirs. Went out that night and made my purchase. Love it! Wish I'd retired the other one sooner.
It was so slow and problematic i couldnt even get in to the store. Switched to a Samsung and we love it!
This was a replacement for my son who's original kindle broke. He likes it a lot. Just wish we could figure out how to get all the old content we had bought from the old one into the new one.
This Kindle is the right size for travel, yet large enough to read. Love all the features and price!
This thing works very well with my smart home and it has a lot of skills.
Great speaker! I love the Amazon echo, it is a great addition to the home.
Great tablet, especially for the price. I bought this to replace an old Fire 7 tablet, that I had the battery going down. It works nicely and I love the Kindle Freetime and the parental control settings.
I had a very small nano and needed to have more space for songs that are just coming out and so far I love it. Didn't really need the bigger one because I have a phone that will do most of those things.
I bought this primarily for reading, but, being a tablet it is able to do so much more! I can listen to music, download movies and check email. I love it! Way better than my Nook!
Good reader, nice small tablet, charging cord is to short.
I wanted to get my 12 month old a tablet to start with and this was a good pick.
I use to have the original but it didn't light up so it was a deal breaker for me. Now I can read anywhere at anytime!
The Fire Tv is fast and reliable. With the ease of setup and expandability of this product, it's a no brainer BUY!
This new Kindle is wonderful!! I am able to read books anywhere, and also connect to the Internet.
This has all I need and want. Great storage and speed.
Best tablet for the money and then some, loads fast, good quality graphics too.
Bought this tablet for my fiance daughter, after getting it home and set up, I decided to keep it for myself. Great screen and works great with my pair of Amazon echos. I love it and highly recommend it.
Both my daughters have had kindle for several years and love it. Purchased their brother one
I love this tablet. It works very well. I bought it because I love to read ebooks and read the Bible app. Having a 7" screen makes this easy.As far as apps go, it has Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and tumblr available. It does not have Instagram available in the app store. I knew that going into it, because I've owned kindle fire tablets in the past.This Fire is so lightweight, and I love that. One tablet I owned previously was almost too heavy for my purse.This tablet has a browser, called the Silk browser, and it works well, although I don't use it for that.When it comes to games, the appstore has most of all the popular ones like candy crush. Pandora is also available.This Fire is an excellent value for the money, and I truly mean that. Perfect for kids too
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
Lightweight and compact e-reader that is suitable for any age who loves reading on the go.
Everyone in the family now owned one.Works well and easy to read in the sun
I got this on black friday for unbelievable price of $32. It doesn't have much space internally but with a sdhc card you can add up over 100 gigs.Amazon has its own browser and it was very easy to set up. If you want a decent tablet , that you don't expect too much from then this is it.
This is on of the best media players on the market.I have cromecast and roku and this is the tops .
My kids love this product, as do I. Parental restrictions can be set and they know when they have to shut them off. Good battery life too.
Wonderful item. Works well with current set-up. Highly recommend.
I was looking for the Amazon-Echo, for awhile and Best-Buy had a great price so I bought it,don't know why I Waited so long to buy it. Use it so much I bought a Amazon-Echo Dot for my wife's business, We like it a lot!!!! GREAT JOB BEST BUY!!!
Alex is a wonderful device and so much fun to use. I can't wait for the more products to catch up.
Really pleased with voice recognition and the different apps that work with it. Google Home does a bit of a better job when it comes to search queries, however.
I no longer has a cable tv bill with the exception of high speed internet. Fire TV has helped in lower my monthly expense to Comcast.
This is a very wonderful streaming product. It is fast and has numerous app capabilities. There are some flaws though. The remote sometimes doesn't work then you'll have take out and put in the batteries, but you can use you're phone as a remote, it is faster and easier that way too. And it doesn't support VUDU or Crunchyroll. You can only real put this divice to its full potential if you're a Amazon prime member
This was bought as a replacement for my wife's previous kindle. She is loving the larger screen and the fact that it has a camera.
This is a great beginner tablet for a small children. Definitely recommend this starter tablet.
If you are looking for a decent tablet for a great price, look no further because this is the bee's knee's.
Great value for such a well made tablet. Everything you need for a low price
I used the echo and am in love with it. I totally recommend it
Downloading is a breeze, works quick and effective for what I bought it for. Very pleased.
For the price it works fairly well. I would recommend it for a novice or first time user.
It's an ok product. Use it mainly for Bluetooth speaker. Get sports updates. I isn't a bad product.
Good for reading and surfing on the web good for games.
If you are using with compatible smart devices in your home (e.g. we use with Phillips Hue bulbs) Echo is great. We do get a bit frustrated with the search capabilities .... I suspect Google home is better at web search. Much of the time we ask a question, Alexa says she doesn't understand the question. Search is pretty limited to Wikipedia. there are many skills you can enable, and some of them are fun/helpful, but then you have to remember what to say to use the skill. I think this will be even more useful as we add smart devices to our home.
very good product in its price range affordable and very good
Easy to use and lots of fun and very lite weight ..
Hated it ! You have to purchase everything from Amazon ! Took it back within a couple days! Got the roku ,,,,, way better !
A bit confusing compared to the older style. I am not a big fan of this version. I wish we could take off things that we are not using like we could with the older version. Great for the price.It has an awesome parental control though.
Just as I thought, works flawlessly as described by Amazon. Moving towards automation.
I bought this for my 5 year old son. This is a great beginner tablet for the price.
The Kindle Fire is a good tablet! It is easy to navigate!
Been reading reviews for months. I decided to take a chance when I saw this on sale for $10 off and I am glad I did. I love to read and reading is easy and relaxing, I dont have to worry about losing my place and Amazon always offers up the next book in the series so I can continue reading with very little interruption. I know that some have complained about missing pixels on the screen, mine was just fine, maybe they have conquered the pixel problem. Highly recommended.
This is our second box for our bedroom. We got our first over a year ago when we decided we were't paying a $200 cable bill each month. We have no complaints at all.
...but WiFi isn't working great. I have love Amazon Kindles since my first one, replaced it with a 7" Fire HD, then got 7" Fires...multiple ones. Problem is the last 3 work with wifi for a while, then start having problems. Reset wireless modem worked for a while, then hard reset did, now won't work for wifi at all. Will keep trying, though.
I purchased the Amazon Echo for my parents for christmas after they saw it at a friends house a few months ago. My dad, who is not technology savvy in the slightest, loved it! It's so much fun asking Alexa different questions, or using the trivia on her. If you want to play a song you can just tell her. She'll find it or playing something similar if she can't find the exact match. My parents love the Echo. I do too!
I purchased the Fire Tablet for my father's 75th birthday. He loves using it to check his email and to play games. It's a perfect size to travel with too.
Amazon Echo is a smart home device, but it's not quite as smart as Google Home. It also doesn't integrate with your smartphone as anything more than a mediocre bluetooth speaker. I don't care about ordering products from Amazon using my voice, and I wish Alexa would answer my more obscure questions like Google does.Where the Echo shines right now though is with smart home integration. I use the Echo to control my Philips Hue lights and control all of my home theater devices through my Harmony Hub (and soon, full control over my Dish Hopper through a Dish/Amazon partnership). It's a bit more expensive than I would have liked, and I ended up adding an Echo Dot to the other room, so I didn't have to yell for Alexa to hear me.In hindsight, if you don't need a mediocre bluetooth speaker, get the Echo Dot instead (which you can hook to speakers of your own choice).
This is a great product and you begin to rely on using alexa. I would recommend readings about all the echoes prieo to buying so that you choose the one that most fits you. I was glad I did because it could be overwhelming when you get to the store.
Not a bad deal on a small but good tabletEasy to use
I love my Amazon Echo; there are so many apps and things you can do to make life easier. Highly recommend checking out the Echo!
This is a ok tablet, worth $50 is a little slow, but for the money it's ok
I got this because it was a cheap tablet. It does great for watching videos from the tablet and sound is good also. I don't like the amazon ecosystem or app store. I wish they would sell android tablets with their apps on them like they are doing with their phones.
Excellent sound quality and voice response from the Echo. Only limitations are the sources from which it is capable of drawing news, music, podcasts.
Great for airline flights, viewing offline amazon or Netflix shows and reading books. Video quality fine for personal viewing.
I has another and work real good it is not a expensive tablet
I cant ask for more for this price! very please with the Kindle Fire features
It's good for doing a number of basic tasks. The Amazon Underground feature is really cool. It feels like an Android but more limited.
Replacing 6 year old Kindle, which had begun to malfunction. We were pleasantly surprised to discover the new edition,which is now lighted, cost the exact same price (on sale) that we paid 6 years ago.
Bought these for my 5yr old twin grandkids and the enjoy the learning games so much. Love that you can limit how long child is engaged with apps, games, or movies on this and that my daughter can use her amazon prime acct with this! 2yr amazon warranty is amazing as well
My kids love their new tablets they use them for homework and at school
I'm not a techno savvy person but found this extremely easy to set up. I have managed to connect my nest thermostat and wemo plug to it. I can't seem to get the Samsung tv to work with it. Oh well. I primarily use it to listen to music and find the sound to be great. One of the best purchases I've made in a long time.
We looked into tablets for three of our children for Christmas. There were three things we looked for: the ability to use it for books, games and videos and our ability to control the activity. The kindle fire gave us all those and more. I love that we can increase the storage when/ if we want to. I love that we can control play time. I was concerned because all of our kids were used to our iPad, but they have had no issues adjusting to the change. We are extremely happy with this purchase!!
Much prefer reading books on my Kindle than on iPad
This is very easy to handle and perfect for the kids
Solid product, great speaker, but another device to help you consume media and spend money. Alexa order me stuff!
Works really well with echo and is really neat and fun
I took a billion pictures and they are all clear all my games download with no problem and I will recommend this to my sister
I love amazon tablets that I bought them for my daughter, sister, sister in law and mother in law. Awesome product and easy to use.
This is my first e-reader. I didn't know about the odd refresh and it took a little while to get used to but I do love how small and light it is and that I do not have to remember to plug it in everyday
nice tablet good value for your money kids love it
Good if use of tablet is low and not very complex. Color quality is only average.
This was a Mother's Day gift from my son. I had wanted one for awile. It has surpass my expectations. I love it.
A great device for readers that don't want clutter. Easy on the eyes with an adjustable back light and no glare whatsoever outside, even in direct sunlight.
I wanted a new kindle fir a while. The price was right
This tablet is great for a toddler. Easy to use ! Easy to turn on & off.
This is a fun tool to have for the family. It does make easier to have prime on Amazon to listen to music.
Great for my kids and is easy to block purchases. Even better if you have amazon prime.
Bought it for mothers day and she hasn't put it down yet.
can't beat the price, decent size, makes a great gift this holiday season.
This is exactly what the person wanted as a gift and she enjoys using it.
The system is a little slow and then if you get the one with the offers, they slow down your reading a bit. But, you can't beat the price. This is not a full tablet. It' an E-Reader with a lot of enhanced functions.
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
This is my 2nd Amazon tablet. I love it. I also bought one for my husband & mother in law.
Amazon tablets are a great quality, an a good price.
Works great with my free amazon media. Movies,music, and Aps. are great.
WE NEVER PUT THEM DOWN...HAVE LOTS OF GREAT GAMES TO PLAY
It's really great and I like the color but there is a crack on the screen protector. I don't know it's the shipment or I squeezed it.
Great tablet for the money just wish they would add Bluetooth.
This really helped me use my echo more- having 2 plugs helps make moving it to another room easier.
Great buy. Wonderful product, was the Best Buy that I made
Good product for the money. Compared to earlier versions not as durable. The outside casing is plastic. Not good. For the money good buy.
My daughter first tablet was a "kids " tablet. This is an upgrade and it has plenty of apps that We All can play together on separate devices
I love this for it's music capabilities. Great sound. Easy function
i am 61 years old and do not know a lot about tablets. i mainly play the games but it is great for that
Still learning to use the Echo. My new friend Alexa is very informative and fun. Great sound too.
This 7 inch tablet has just enough power to let you do your daily tasks, it's touchscreen is fantastic with a decent display resolution. It will give you everything that you will need from a good tablet. The only downside is the camera. I wish the front camera should have been of attest of one mega pixel.
We had wanted an echo for quite awhile and when they went half price we couldn't resist, it synced right in with our other smart products without issue!!
its the best device i could have gotten for the amount of money spent!
By far the greatest tablet for kids. Free time is fantastic. I don't have to worry about content for my child. And the two year worry free warranty is in heard of. 2 thumbs up
like this to stream.. but would be nice to have kodi support without hacks
My 3 yr old granddaughter loves this item! PERFECT
Love the simplicity of the Paperwhite and the soft light backlight. I can read much longer with this and in many more places. It's very light and downloads are easy and fast.
I bought this as a guft for my family for Christmas and I think it has great potential for future next gen personal assistance. My Aunt absolutely loves it and it and she is a business owner and she uses it to keep up on stock quotes and knowing what her scheduled is for the rest of the day. my uncle uses it for sports updates and more... I know its new technology so I think it definitely worth the money but still can be a better AI in the future. I do wish that Alexa gave you time answer the questions back on certain skills like knock knock jokes, riddles and more...instead she tells you the whole joke without more interaction from the user. I will say i am still pleased from everside but ill be honest i think google home does have some abilities that alexa doesnt but I am still Amazon echo hands down and will be waiting for the next gen Amazon Echo to see where it goes. I also will purchase another one soon for myself.
Very satisfied for $39.95 sales price. Way faster than I expected.
Best new technology. Very easy to install and put to good use. There are so many things it can do for you.
Seems to work even better and faster than the fire tv stick.
The Echo is a fun new tool to easily interface with the information highway. But there is a learning curve to navigate in order to be able to get the most out of the Echo. Sometimes Echo does not understand your requests. So you have to be able to restate certain requests.
Have always been pleased with BEST BUY, and will continue to purchase all of my equipment there.
I bought this tablet for my 7 years old and love it. Great parental control, set up goals for the day, turns off at the time, I decided. Works perfectly and very fast processor
I love my kindle fire it is very convenient and handy, perfect size
Nice little tablet with great features. Bought one for my mom so she can read without all the weight of a big book. She also loves the nice backlight so she can be on her tablet at night without the lights on.
Hard to say anything wrong about this product. Works great.
Use my Fire TV all the time to watch movies and play games. Sign up for Prime and watch tons of movies for free.
this tablet is awesome. the fact that I can use a micro sd card to have more memory and can listen to my content on the card is great. the additional screen size is what I wanted and it has not disappointed. this was a great purchase!!!
reat product would greatly recommend this to my Freinds
We're streaming 4K content from our app, and we wanted to test the quality of streaming. Fire TV worked great streaming 4K!
Good run great ,no complain. You can try it and will see what happens ....
This is simple tablet to use for any beginner or kids
Enjoy quick fact checks like who was in this movie or how tall is Lebron James but wouldn't spend the money it costs myself. It was a gift. Maybe I haven't learned enough of the functions yet.
Bought for drivers to log into peoplenet for work. Very easy to navigate. We luv it
this device is awesome. all reviews and produt demo is correct.
Anxious to get set up. Read all reviews and seems best to set up.
Great price for an introductory tablet. Bought for my brother in law who is not tech savvy. He has loved it. Easy to use.
Extremely easy to view. No light needed. Just what I was looking for.
I bought this for my wife, she is so happy with it. She spends hours reading her books. So much easier reading with the Paper White.
They make the perfect gift. I give them out to may customers every year.
Got this for my nine year old daughter and she loves it. Works great for her to watch Netflix and play games and anything she likes doing.
My ND would way rather have a fire any day than an ipad!
The box does exactly what it saids it will do. No lag, great quality, very happy!!!
Awesome product. Enjoy using it everyday. Would definitely recommend
I bought this for my husband, he loves his kindle. It is very easy to read outside in direct sunlight. We have had others in the past and could not see outside in the sun. He brings this to the beach and it is perfect.
It's got a lot of speed and apps. My nephew loves his amazon tablet
The best purchase I have made in years. Wish I would have done it sooner
This basic tablet was just what I wanted for our Gift tree." It was a good buy for the quality and price. The tablet has a good reputation for reliability.
Works well. I really like the bigger screen (up from the 7"). Easier to read, just as easier to use if not better.
This is our first Kindle, we are learning how to operate it, so far it has been quite easy and enjoyable to use
Good!
Great for a good read or binge watching in your bedroom. Slim size tablet so it fits perfectly in your palm
A bit complicated the process of loading Books bought in different stores to Amazon. It should be more user friendly for new users (we do not come from amazon)
This is my second unit, this one is 1080p with 4k ultra high definition built in and I love it, if you buy one, you will also love it.
I really am enjoying the echo, it seems like I'm learning something new everyday, love to listen to my iheart radio stations on this
Lots of content to access 4k quality easy setup and easy to navigate
Easy to use and meets all my expectations for why I bought it.
Good for kids good for reading not good for much else
Good purchase. If there is a way to make the kindle flash less when navigating, it will be even better
Our new favorite toy. We love playing music through her.
Not the greatest small tablet and Amazon does have it locked down pretty well but it functions.
I purchased this Kindle for my husband, as a gift. I can't believe how fast it is.
Pretty good tablet. Very durable and my son loves it, keeps him busy lots of game to choose from educational as well
Allows for reading of my Kindle lib and even plays a few games
Comes in handy at work; allows for quick online pizza orders; has great games available; and helps me pass time reading a book when visiting the doctor.
this is the best house helper and entertainer. a must for everyone
I love this tablet for my daughter. I wanted something inexpensive but quality for her. You couldn't beat the price.
I have one and my mother liked mine so I got her one she loves being able to check her email, go on the web, and play games.
Still learning with her. Speakers are outstanding and footprint on kitchen counter is small. Like it a lot.
They are making updates to the unit but its currently in a good spot. The main issue currently is you cant hear netflix surround mode without cracking. You must change the audio settings in Netflix to stereo mode. Amazon is aware and they should fix it by the end of the November. Scrolling through the menus is quick. I bought 3 total as I have cut the cable at my house. I bought an OFF-Air Antenna and placed it inside ht my attic. I used Sling ($20.00) a month and you get the main channels we watched . (CNN /A&E/History/TNT and others) and Netflix. If your a Prime member you get more movies to watch also.
This is a good tablet for the price it does everything that i need to do except take pictures but that's not what i bought it for
First time I've purchased this and found it excellent
I purchased the Fire TV after a few of my friends recommended it. I use it with my projector and the 13' screen picture is excellent. A similar product I was considering was almost $300.
I decided to get the Fire TV after one of my remote Media Centers failed. With my movie collection on my server, I was able to install Kodi on the Fire TV and continue to stream my movies over the network. Add in our subscription to Netflix, HBO GO, Stars Play, and Amazon Prime membership, the Fire TV offers a wide range of entertainment.
Excellent advancement in technology. Love the ease of connecting it to my sound system, lights and thermostat. Occasionally it doesn't recognize my voice command and I have to repeat myself.
I really like the easy setup and the parental cobtrols.. its easy to download games and my daughter loves it
I have had an Amazon Echo since it came out and i Love it. I recently purchased a Google home and found at this moment it is not as good as the Amazon echo I'm sure the Google home Will get better over time but right now Alexa is the best. The sound that comes out of the Amazon Echo is better then the Google home plus you can connect Bluetooth to the echo but not the Google home. This black Friday (2016) I purchased another Echo and a few Echo Dots (Dots are a great price) and i could't be more happy.
I purchased it for my dad (70)He needed something easy to use. He really enjoys it.
Love the new Kindle. No problem getting used to the differences.
I would recommend it..very durable and long lasting!
It is a lot of fun and my grandkids have a ball with it . Even my 3 yrs old can talk to it , he has fun asking for songs.
This thing is garbage! Do not buy! It is the slowest charger I've every had. It is NOT a fast charger. It is a disgrace that Amazon is offering this product as a fast charger, and discontinued the previous all black square, blocky fast charger which really was a fast charger. This thing is NOT a fast charger. Save your money. Amazon needs to seriously check their supplier, the manufacturer of this junk.Advertising this thing as a fast charger is totally deceptive.
Bought these for my kids and they love it. Love amazon.
I also have a firestick but I gave the fire tv a try cause it's supposed to be faster and I can connect an Ethernet cable to it, and it delivered.
Great product no complaints, spend a little extra on good internet and never worry about cable.
I am so impressed with all the things this little tablet can do. It's NOT just an eReader, although that's what I purchased it for. The clarity is so improved from my old Kindle Fire, which I dearly loved for years (until my puppy got it). I was flabbergasted at all the things this little tablet can do...and it was so much less expensive than my other tablet. WHAT A DEAL!
Pretty cool kids love it. Always adding things to my grocery list I didn't want.
This box is works great all the apps work and are responsive with little to no lag. For 99 bucks it's a great deal I barely watch cable anymore because you can access tv shows on every network from the most recent to the first episode. I use this every single night since buying it and have had no problems with it at all
My 10 year old love's the tablet she can play her games talk to her friends on Facebook and she doesn't have to use my computer.
last year I bought three for my older grand kids this year I bought one for the younger one and they all love it.
Love the echo for everything from music to weather
I love my new Fire tablet. Nice backlight helps me to read my E-book in bed. Background color can be changed. I especially like the black background with white lettering; less glare on my eyes while reading.
I bought this tablet for my young grandchildren and they just love it. It is very easy for them to use and can be given a child profile.
Excellent tablet for everyday browsing and use. And a true bargain at the Black Friday price.
Very happy with the Amazon echo So happy I went and bought another one
I purchased the two tablets for two of my three grand children, they are both very happy with the fire tablets and things have been very peaceful in my son's house since i gave them to the kids.
This was for a 3 year old and is easy enough for her to use good price too
I would of never have considered getting Alexa until I house sat and the owners had one. I love music and she could play every genre keep in mind you have to sign up for 2.99 monthly fee it is so convenient just to ask her to play music and the sound from such a small unit is phenomenal. I also purchased the starter kit for the lights she will turn them on and off by your request and you can set it up on a timer which is great when you're out of town .
I had brought this for my daughter and father.. They love it!!!
Tablet is a great size to hold and allow children to play games on (such as ABC mouse), and even got Pokemon Go to work on it after some fiddling. Only complaint is how much needs to be on the system storage, even when having a large SD card, so that limits how much you can have.
Mom loves the tablet. Easy for her to use, she uses it for Facebook, reading, and some of her games.
It is inexpensive tablet. The sound is not great too quiet.It is not the best but it is good price.
We love that it is portable and can move from room to room effortlessly.
I bought this as a result of my television internet connection being faulty. This was a good alternative to purchasing a new television set. It serves its purpose. My biggest issue is setting it up aesthetically with my television and sound bar
Would definitely recommend very convenient and very quick and responsive
I have had 4 kindles over the years , got to have one to read my books & relax
I have had it with high cable bills and was looking for an inexpensive alternative. Several of my friends told me about the Amazon Firebox and how it helped in reducing high cable TV bills. I even had to be reminded that if you are a Prime customer, you get the Amazon Channel at no additional cost. With all the free channels Amazon Firebox provides, being an Amazon Prime customer adds even more channels to choose from and offers movies, tv shows, etc. Now to be fair, it’s not cable. I miss cable, but I don’t miss those high cable bills. You can also link your Netflix, Hulu, and other accounts to your Amazon Firebox making it the only place for home entertainment. Although you have to keep an eye on the premium channels offering free 7 day trials and remember to put a security code on your remote in order to avoid guests, kids, and other persons from ordering a bunch of the pay channels provided on Amazon Firebox. Other than that, I am one happy customer.
the console is small so you can basically place it anywhere. Very fast recommend to everyone
This is a great device for reading books. I was using a Tablet for that but the screen on this is far easier on your eyes for long extended use.
This tablet is good for kids but the battery life is not very long.
It was a gift, so i can really only comment on the quality of the box. It was very square and well proportioned. The cellophane was slick but not overly so. Overall a decent tactile sensation.
I love my kindle paper white and its easy to use 5W USB charger.
Hands free operation at it's best. I have my Philips Hue hooked up to it (operating my kitchen and family room lights) as well as Pandora, iHeartRadio and my Nest. I have been using it for the past two weeks and I love it. The only issue I have experienced so far has been when I asked Alexa to turn on my family room lights, only one of the two bulbs turned on. This however, might be an issue with the Philips Hue hub. Other than that this has worked out great.
I use this mostly as an e-reader but it is also great for web browsing and e-mail. I didn' t expect such good performance for the price but I have no complaints.
We love our Alexa! Mainly used to set timers, alarms, and listening to music. We've had four months and no major complaints. Amazon updating new commands often! Only reason 4 stars is the ability to pick up voices. We have to be rather close for Alexa to respond to us. My 5 year old son literally has to be right next to her for Alexa to pick up in his commands. Other than that works great and fun!
I purchased this tablet for my mom for Christmas due to its ease of use and access to Amazon's app store.
Bought for a friend with basic needs. Money was not a concern at all!
Works as advertised. Never worry about dead battery.
Hands down my favorite purchase lately,if you haven't bought one yet please go get it
Just love the product I find my self using it more and more its grate for home automation lights on lights off whats the weather tell me a fact will do math calculation I had to ask I got what I paid for. HAPPY
Works great . Able to listen to radio ,watch tv shows ,
I have not personslly used this item but it was a requested gift for family member so they obviously were aware of benefits. No complaints so far so guess it's good
I've had this tablet for a week now and I love it. Im not the most gadgetly inclined person but I do know what I wanted/needed from a tablet and I must say my expectations have been met & exceeded. When the price drops again to what I paid for it, im definitely buying another. Christmas shopping never starts too early!!
You can't get a better tablet for the price. Bought it for my kid, and for the price don't have to worry about damage. Can watch videos, play some games. Overall good purchase.
My son loves it and he's been using/playing with it every after school.
Bought this for a xmas present but heard it play when a good friend bought it. Was very impressed with it's technology. I recommended it to another friend and she bought it for her daughter.
Purchased many of these for Christmas for my nieces and nephews. They were and are still soo excited !
Bought this on Black Friday. I think my kids will love it.
I found it to be very versatile and enjoyable benefiting from a touch screen.
I love to read and this tablet work great for my needs.
love the ease of use with tablet, have not had any issues
I needed a new tablet to replace my toshiba that had died. The kindle fire is perfect!
Your can really control what your kid gets access to from apps, videos, and the Internet. You can not get a better deal. The 2 yr anything happens warranty is a big plus. It's not the fastest thing on the market it's desent. Picture quality is great. Everything that comes with it just makes it a real smart buy. Love the fact that I can program it to have her read 15mins 1st before she can fully access it. Also that I can put a time limit on what she can access and for how long for the week.
But I don't know if it is worth the additional money. And it does not allow for aux output. I have the full size in my bathroom were I do not have other speakers. I use the dot with my sound system.
These things are awesome. I buy them all the time for my employees as bonuses or gifts. They are reliable and durable. Don't over heat and hold up nicely. Great product.
I received this as a Christmas present. This is great to take on a trip or to work. It is great for watching movies or reading books. It was easy to setup.
Great idea. Have only started using it, playing music and asking questions.
I would not recommend it as a primary tablet, but its ok for reading and simple games.
This is my 2nd tablet and it works great with downloading
Best thing that has come out of Amazon factory for a long time $50 for a table and the underground app store makes it more worth than the price you pay. No complains.
Nice size. Functions as expected. Use it for reading books, email and a bit of web surfing. Like that you can turn down the screen brightness for night reading. Took off one star because it is tied to the Amazon store for apps and you can't easily edit Google docs & spreadsheets as you can on an Android tablet.
A friend recommended this. And I am loving how easy it was to use.
I've purchased this tablet for myself, my boys (10 and 18) and my nephew (16). It's perfect for everybody!
This is a great tablet. My grandson uses it to watch his cartoons. We also have ABC Mouse that he uses on it. It's very durable and he loves it!!
This is my 3rd Alexa that I now have thru-out my home. This is one of the BEST products a home could have. Hook it up to your thermostat and SPEAK what temperature you want, ask to turn on and off certain lights, plays music, gives you the weather and a million things more! LOVE it and each room I add one to, just makes it even better. Easy and user friendly for everyone!
My daughter loves it. She can read books and watch movies.
Love the ease of using the Kindle. This version also has a built in camera!
Devise does what it's supposed to do very well. Easy on the eyes and battery life is awesome. Recommended
Great tablet. Easy to use. Purchased as a gift for a family member.
Great price on Black Friday. Bought for my grandson. Interface is a little different but a good purchase
Not for everyone. Have to remember phrases to command Alexa. Once you get use to it u will love it. Sound quality is not bad for a little device. Wish it had a built in battery.
...but mind the quality control. For $40 - $50, you get an amazingly capable tablet for media consumption. Streaming services, surfing, and reading are all handled perfectly fine, however, the tablet lacks the power to be a gaming platform.Please note, this is actually my 3rd tablet, as the first 2 were returned with the first being covered in dead pixels and the second having terrible light bleed. The 3rd looked and functioned perfectly. Bad batch? Who knows. But watch the quality control.
Exceeded my expectations would recommend to anyone who wants a good tablet for a good price.
I chose the Alexa with the better speaker and sound since it will be used to listen to mucic. Can browse a multitude of stations and various styles of music.
Love this product. Will not go back to satellite or cable.
Alexa is a fun little assistant and the beginning of my home automation.It can answer many simple questions that need answering right away like the current weather and sports scores. Plays music and tells bad jokes. Most importantly though it will control many household items via voice. Connected to my thermostat easily and effectively.
Can't say how much my wife loves the Echo. She is constantly talking to Alexa and playing music while doing housework. Great decision to buy!
Best streaming device on the market and flawless 4K streaming without the restrictions of Apple TV
I saw one of these before for myself and this is now great for my daughter.
Worked great! Looks good. Feels good. Smells good.
The Amazon Fire TV is a tiny, premium quality box that connects to any TV with an HDMI cable & provides the most intuitive & powerful interface for Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu & many more.LIKES: 1- Small, unobtrusive size 2- User friendly remote 3- Internal memory is 2Gb Flash, 16Gb Storage + Micro SD Card slot that accommodates up to 128Gb external storage! 4- Ethernet or WiFi connected. Ethernet will provide a more robust signal than WiFi, to reduce the buffering so commonly seen on lesser boxes. 5- Very easy to use6- Beautiful on screen interface / graphics7- 4K Ultra HD capable 8- You can download and save apps, movies & music on the optional external storage card 9- Voice Search on the Remote lets you speak a movie, actor, title, etc. & let the search begin!10- Alexa can search your photos & can even look for a specific individual in the photos by name DISLIKES: None! COMPARE to AMAZON FIRE STICK: The Fire Stick is a very inexpensive device that is WiFi only & has 1/2 the Flash & Memory as this Fire TV. It has no provision to add additional memory. The Fire TV connects with Ethernet cable or WiFi. Ethernet provides a much faster & stronger signal, so your movies don't freeze up. With 2X the Flash & Memory of Fire Stick + an external memory slot, the Fire TV makes skipping & frozen movies a thing of the past. CONCLUSION: I recommend a Fire TV for every HDTV you own! It is truly an amazing device & converts your existing TV, whether a Smart TV or not, to a VERY Smart TV!
I really like this new toy. Have not completely got it all set up to everything but so far it has been a lot of fun playing with it and getting it set up.
Easy to use with great battery life, and easy to read in all light conditions.
get this and you won't go wrong. I love the speed of it and how easy it is to set up. My child loves the ability to play games esp if you get the game controller with it as well.
Granddaughter loved it! It was a present for Christmas.
Way better than the firesticks. I would definitely recommend this item
Thrilled with the ease of use, so easy to navigate! I wish I had started with a tablet like this, it would have saved me a lot of frustration.
The Kindle is so easy to read in all lighting situations. The E-Ink screen is responsive and quick to touch controls.
Easy to set up, controls multiple devices and has a great sound. I like it
This is my third Kindle and the best one yet. Love the new controls, the backlit page, the compact size and the ease of use. I would recommend the Kindle Voyage to all readers!
This is a great tablet for kids or if you just want something to mess around on
I am able to see my Directv, Netflix, and amazon prime all in one system.
Works better than I anticipated.....now I don't need ambient light. Easy to use and read.
Got this for my Grandson's birthday. He really wanted a tablet and I wanted something that wasn't so breakable. He was so excited and he loves it
I purchased 2 of the Kindle 7 tablets for our grandchildren. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the tablets considering the price. The grandchildren would always head for my Kindle when they came over, now that they have their own, they never ask for mine. They use them constantly, mostly to play games but they also stream videos, and even use them to help with school work. It was a great buy.
Solid device. Easy install, remote work great. I would recommend.
The grandkids love this tablet, easy for them to use
This is my sixth unit and has features many of the newer models didn't have.
The kindle paperwhite is an excellent product. I already have it . This is a gift my friend.
I really like the price and quality of the product
Awesome and expandable to so many different uses. Make sure to get the accessories to really take advantage of the unit.
This product works great with my amazon account and best part is it does not listen too all my conversations. While it is an option I prefer to hit the button for it to recognize a voice command. That way its not listening till I tell it to unlike Google's device and the other amazon devices.
Exactly what I was looking for! Has most of the apps available that I wanted :) Very easy to use and set up.
This is a Christmas gift. Hiwever it did come recommended
I bought this tablet as a cheap replacement for my son's tablet that stopped working suddenly. It seems to work well and he says he likes it alot. I am considering getting one for myself.
We got this for the yankee swap and it was extremely popular. The person that picked it up was very happy.
So I decided to pull the trigger into buying the FireTV, I've use the first version and liked it ok, I've also use the FireStick and don't think it's fast enough. You can get a lot of apps with this box and find it a bit faster than the first version. Pretty good buy in my opinion.
My daughter love this tablet! Easy to use and carry
The Amazon Echo is super easy to set up. Once set up, it's actually fun to see what Alexa would say to any and all of your questions. What's great is that even if there is background noise or other people talking at the same time, Alexa can still hear you and will respond accordingly.
It was awesome kids love it, this is simply amazing
Very easy to use. Great for daylight reading. Get the. Optional cover for hand feel satisfaction
Amazon had the item sold out so I went to best buy to purchase and they had plenty in Stock, in store, which was great.
I got this for my mom and she likes it pretty well. Over all it's good for the price.
Great tablet for kids and adults.Great for price.
Enjoying it not so easy to setup but once you get it all is good
Salesperson did a good job recommending this item after we explained what we would use it for.
I purchased this for my wife for Mother's Day as the screen on her phone was too small! She thoroughly enjoys it and uses it daily! Just what she wanted and needed!
1 star...because it worked 1 time and stopped working.Returned it the very next day!My husband's Nexus charger and the Belkin 10W charger (that he got to replace this charger) do a GREAT job charging my Kindle Fire 8.9 HDX!
Great tablet for kids my son liked and easy to play with
The new Kindle may not have all the bells and whistles of previous models, but it is a great value for the price. Durable and light, and with the addition of expandable memory, this new model works great and is very recommended.
Not easy to setup. Everything is apps which you must memorize the directions. Need to take a course to use. Not user friendly.
The sales people are really nice and knowledgeable to me I will come back again
was a great buy for my mom. would recommend to anyone who read a lot of paper backs.
Overall the Amazon Echo was easy to set up and use. It has some really nice features but is much more useful for Amazon Prime members for things such as streaming music.
Just got the echo last month and I just love it. I plan on getting another one soon and would recommend it to anyone.
It was a good gift for the price and had many features and options
I bought it for a gift and the recipient loves it!
The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight and easy on the eyes. It's the first device to allow me to read with as much comfort as an actual book.
I'm enjoying the Echo a lot! It has been pretty simple to use. We are planning to move into a new house and I'm excited to try all the automation features I can use with this. Great product!
Purchased this and the fire stick, this definitely showed a better picture quality and response compared to the stick. 4K imagine isn't bad at all and would consider this a good deal.
Nice product I would recommend this to everyone who has it for friends
I love this tablet! It's user friendly and my kids love it! I'm so glad I bought this tablet!
I like the paperwhite read its smaller then my tablet can go anywhere with me and I enjoy reading books on it
overall pretty good sometimes the device shut off you might need to contact amazon
I bring it with me every where. I read my books on it, surf the web, and play my favorite games on it.
Got good deal on it from BestBuy, 50% off. I would not buy it at full price unless you buy a lot from Amazon and implementing automation at your house. Some skills are very useful, like Dish integration and Smart Plugs etc.
Gave 3 out to kids for gifts, the kids love them. Will see how they hold up. They are not Ipads but for the price they are well worth it, right now
This tablet was great. I bought it for my sister on christmas and she loves it. It is great for surfing the web and watching videos.
If you want to start using Kodi and don't want to spend $200+ on a Nvidia Shield and don't want the laggy performance of a Fire Stick, spend your money on the Fire TV BOX. Runs amazing!!!
Purchased as a a present. Girlfriend loves it. Would suggest buying for yourself or a loved one
Has all the functionality a child needs with easy parental controls. Like the child profile with only approved content.
Fire tv works really well. It was easy to set up. No problems at all.
It is easy to use and got of fun and popular apps. It is also quite good to use on the go and good camera.
Nothing special and not much memory but for $40 it is worth the price
My Dad loved it for his Fathers Day gift from all his sons.
I bought this since it has a special discount for elite plus members
This device is fun and entertaining, easy to use .
I also have a fire and like it's overall performance.
Good buy nice screen great battery life quick good video quality
My grand daughter loves it and so do her parents! Very durable. I'd highly recommend this product
Great tablet and great for the kids and simple to use and set up. I got 5 for my nephews and never had a problem with them.
After years of not reading books, after the Kindle I read daily, the adjustable type size is a big help for old folks like myself :)
Really nice and easy to use.It's my first tablet and I love it.
I purchased this for my parents who were always viewing facebook or other videos on their cell phones, this Amazon tablet is perfect for them! It's user friendly and if you have an Amazon Prime account has great access to movies and music.
The Kindle was bought for my nine year old grandson for Christmas. He wanted something to play games on and watch You Tube. Works great, no issues. Would recommend for any age, great price too!
Very good buy for the money had 2 months and works great
The Echo is great! Excellent sound and Alexa is very responsive to voice commands. Amazon got this right. Makes Siri look ridiculous. Just starting to understand all of the uses but a great speaker/system
Amazon Echo, a great purchase for my home, play music, good home automation, and easy setup. Don't delay, purchase today!
This is the best thing for reading specially on the go.
This is a great starter tablet or tablet or kids. I bought one for myself and gave two as gifts. My daughter loves hers and uses it for homework, games, videos, and video chatting with my sister. I use mine to play games and web browse, as well as watch videos when I am waiting somewhere. I love the Amazon Music feature and use it to listen to music both in my car with the Bluetooth feature and my Bluetooth speaker system. I have Amazon Prime, so my experience has allowed me to get the most out of my tablet, but I cannot imagine using it without Prime. My only gripe is that devices on the same Prime account overlap content, which is a bit inconvenient when I am trying to keep my content separate from my daughter's. It is still a great buy and I am satisfied with my purchase.
I would definitely recommend this for everyone. It is awesome.
Comes with a bunch of apps to watch TV and to play games as well.
Worked right out of the box, If I need another one I will buy one of these.
I was one of the original Amazon Echo purchasers, and have loved using it ever since. I bought this one as a "thank you" gift for my wonderful brother-in-law, who baby-sat me through two cataract surgeries. He loves it too.
This stick runs fast and smooth with alot less lag than the original. If you want to the best the Nvidia shield 2017 is the best.
the amazon Fire tv is amazing, it never buffers when I'm watching movies or tv shows in 1080p. I have referred this to friends and they have purchased this item.
I'm really enjoying my kindle fire 7 in tablet!Love,love,love my kindle! Operating system handles smoothly and screen graphics are Amazing!!I am definitely happy with my decision to buy this product and I would recommend it to everyone!
Alexa has many cool features. I'm enjoying learning how to "teach" her things as well as identifying ways to allow her to share content and information.
Best gift for my 10yr. old. Even uses it for homework.
My kid loved hers so much that I bought one for my son. Wonderful and easy for the kids!!
I got me the echo and my daughter the dot. The echo is loud but she can be a helpful tool if I need a quick answer to a problem.
What a buy. You can now get rid of cable and by this wonderful media streamer by Amazon. Very powerful and responsive.
FOR ITS SIZE IF OK THE VALUE MY WIFE LOVE IT SHE USE IT ALL THE TIME
I love controlling my Phillips Hue lighting, and the music on demand is awsome.
This e reader is very lightweight, holds a charge for days and is easy to use. Be aware that the display is only black and white so books with pictures are not the best on here. Besides that it is great at reducing eye strain and the backlit screen makes for added versatility.
Pretty much that.. had to connect straight to router so side loading would be faster.. also video quality can drop with wifi.. Ethernet is the way to get every little cent that this device has to offer..
Got this for my son for Christmas as it fits perfectly in the pocket of his BDU's. This way he always has a book with him during down time.
This tablet was bought for my 4 year old. She uses it to learn.
Love that I can read this at night, with the lights off, or have it tucked (snugly) in my jacket pocket on the go. Wonderful device with great battery life.
Absolutely love this product and it will be a great Christmas gift for my daughter who is a dance teacher!
Great service. Great product for reading in sunlight.
Even if your home sin't hooked up with all the technology to go with it, it will still be the best speaker you ever bought. And if you have amazon prime, you can hook her up to it! Love it, but be careful! cause once you get it,you probably won't be able to go back to other wireless speakers again!
It works. Not much else to say.
kids love it...only issue that bothered me is that my reduced price came with ads that in order to be removed i had to pay money. other than that good product
Very happy with my product. Best Buy staff was extremely helpful
It works well and for the price you can't go wrong.
I personally liked the echo, I went out to purchase the dot. I am well satisfied with both products. The echos sound quality is amazing for my living space.
Bought this as a surprise gift and the recipient loves it!
Amazing deal for solidly built tablet. If you're looking for some thing basic this is the one
Purchased this for my wife and ended up using it myself...now I have to buy s second unit. Integrating with other "smart" devices gets easier as your do them...good buy regardless but a steal when on sale.
Another classic from amazon. Would definitely recommend.
I have two Google home devices. They seem to be lacking in smart5 home controls. Now I find out that additional devices are necessary to use Echo in a smarthome configuration. Although currently somewhat limited, I expect that Google home will surpass the Echo with addon smarthome devices. I'll wait, rather then buy these devices twice.
Love it! I'm not computer savy but was able to figure out most things without any help.
Grandkids love it now they have their own personal tablets and I love that it has parental control
Bought for my granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it. She would use her Mom's phone to watch her shows but now that she has her tablet she can watch her own and see it much better. Homerun on this Christmas present!
Easy to set up. Has great sound. Nice to talk too.
Just what my wife was looking for in a tablet. She wanted something to use to read & to have some games on. This was it.
I bought 3 of these for my kids, and they love it. They are cheap and affordable.
Best tablet money can buy for under 100$. Very happy with its performance and responsiveness. External speaker is much better on this than my more expensive samsung tab E tablet.
I got this for watching movies on the go. I just put a bunch of movies on a micro sd card and it plays them. Good value for the price.
This is a great tablet for downloading books & movies. It also takes pictures as well as surfing the web. All in all very satisfied with purchase
Side loaded with kodi and loving no cable bill. Well worth the money.
everyone in the family can use it and find something they want to watch or do on this
Nice tablet for the price. Got it for my son Birthday. Hasn't opened it yet but my brother in law has 2 and it works great. Great tablet for kids just in case they break it
Great first time tablet for a beginner , no problems yet. Very happy with purchase
Got it for $60 during black Friday. I also have 7inch fire tablet. For few more bucks this tablet is way better than the 7 inch non HD fire.
My son loves it. It was very affordable. And it has everything you need. I enjoy the compact size
This Amazon Fire is perfect for what I need - nice screen and memory size, really nice apps preinstalled and it's just ready to use! The Black Friday price was beyond wonderful!!!!!
When you consider the price paid for the Amazon Fire 7 tablet, it is much more economical than a IPAD or a Samsung tablet.. I use it to check mail, Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites! Plus it is the perfect interface for all of the Amazon apps!
excedes my expections is easy to use and Amazon sends me e-mails keeping me informed of things that Echo can do which i find very helpful
Review is based on the fact that I have not able to make a connection with the device.
From the first time I used it, the pages kept freezing and didn't respond to touch commands. I had to turn it off and back on daily. I tried to get a replacement and was told they no longer have them and I'd have to pay $10. more for a newer model. I bought 2 (1 as a gift). So far 1 works and 1 didn't.
The colors and surfing is just great, size and connectively is great. Children love it. Makes reading anywhere a breeze.
Bought it for my husband and he loves it. This is perfect for what he wanted it for.
Very very beautiful design...and very good sound..great quality.........like it..!
I purchased this for my mom 4 days before Christmas with 2 day free shipping. It arrived on time with no issues. My mom loves it! She likes to read digital books and watch Netflix and this tablet allows her to do both. She also loves that it's small enough to fit in her purse and Bluetooth capable.
Great for my kid. She takes it on all our road trip.
not top of the line but don't let the price fool you. If you don't already have a tablet and not looking to spend a lot this is perfect. Plenty of free apps and games. You get the most for your dollar on this product, makes a great gift for friends and family.
I bought the fire stick first then returned it to get the fire tv and let me tell you it was worth the exchange
Excellent streaming box - Easy to setup & Use! Performs great either hard wired or running on Wi-Fi. There are both free apps and paid apps to help save on cable costs! Works perfect with your Amazon Prime membership! Would totally recommend!
My kids loved and i very happy for this tablet. Thanks
We got this for our 6 yr old daughter and its perfect for her. There hasn't been any issue with the games and educational apps she uses.
totally satisfied with performance of tablet. I would recommend to friends and family.
We added this as part of our kitchen remodel and love its functionality
The voice recognition isn't great yet but it will only get better. The potential is endless. Good sound quality.
I love talking to alexia and asking her questions. I play music on it and don't have to go turn something on. Being able to talk and have her respond is awesome. Next I want to get the lights set up in my house so she can turn everything on.
My 4 year old loves it. I love that she can use it unsupervised without worry. She has been learning her alphabet and this has been a great tool.
I gave this amazon echo as a gift for my mother for mother's day. She liked it a lot and use it primarily for music. I set it up for her and having spotify she can ask Alexa a song that she knows from way back her younger years. I have one as well and it's all connected for a smart home and works good with smartthings hub and philips hue.
my 9 yr old loves her new tablet . she had a nabi and likes this better
Easy to work no issues my daughter loves it and my 6 year old loves it too
I purchased this tablet for my mother-in-law and she loves it.
Love my tablet. Only thing I wish, is that the charging cord was longer.
You cant go wrong with this for either your kids or a adult.
Price is right, my kids love this tablet, like more
I REALLY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO LOVES GADGETS.
I was resistant to putting down my real books and begin using a kindle. I'm so glad I did. It's so convenient to shop and instantly download a book. Plus no more storing hundreds on books in my house.
A very good handy tablet, good product for the money, excellent integration into AMZN universe of fire tab/website/prime etc, fast and easy to use,
Great tablet, I bought 3 for my grandkids and now another for another grandkid.
I am extremely happy with this purchase. It is everything I expected and more. Great price for a beginner tablet.
Works great, a gift for my daughter for Christmas.
The Echo is a great speaker with clear sound that reaches from one room to another. The biggest problem that I have had us getting it to work with the Nest thermostat. The thermostat must be registered under the same email account as the echo, otherwise the Echo cannot remotely control it.
I only use the kindle fire tablet for entertainment; music, games and eBooks. It's a great basic tablet at a low price. The SD card I added allows me to save lots music and books. The tablet is rather slow in charging but once fully charged it holds up well.
Practically disposable, everything you want and need in a $40 tablet.
love it. works as expected. very helpful. best voice assistant out there
A friend loves hers & told me I would love it, I do
Great value from Best Buy. Bought at Christmas sale.
Fun to use and learning more applications by the day. great product!
Purchased for my senior citizen, mother-in-law who is not particularly tech-savvy, but she's mastered this item and finds it easy to use.
I am in love with my Kindle. It has everything I was looking for and more. It is extremely easy to use and small enough to carry it with me in my bag.
love the fire 7, perfect size, very light, i have it with me all the time.
I like the size of this Kindle device. The battery lasts a very long time and charges quickly. Haven't found anything not to like about the Kindle Paperwhite.
All the products I have bought from best buy are working so effectively. I will definitely recommend it to friends.
Social media, ereader(kindle) wade ease of use easy setup nice parental controls good tablet for the kids
Great starter tablet. Not all apps are available. Good for reading.
The product is easy to understand and use. If you have already viewed a series from Plex, Hulu, or another provider, the remote will take you to where you left off. If you want to view something from Amazon Prime you press the button and speak the name and it finds it for you.
Excellent product for movies, tv and games. Only hiccup is the remote, wish had more buttons.
I bought this for my wife. She had an older 1st gen reader from another company and the differences are astounding. Setup was easy and getting content could not be easier.The unit is light. Really light. Compared to an iPad it is truly air (pun).It works well in any light condition so far.The navigation is a little squirrelly and takes getting used to and there can be a slight delay after a press so that can take getting used to.
I bought this for my wife for her birthday, and she loves it! It is so easy to operate, and has so much in its library for music!
I really wanted to give this device a chance but I did end up returning it. It's a HUGE upgrade though over the cheaper 7" version. Honestly I don't think anyone should purchase that. If your budget can handle getting this version and you are heavily invested in the Amazon ecosystem (i.e. Prime member) this will make a great tablet. I think it is intended more for kids though than adults. Having iPads in the house we tried this with our toddler as a cheaper tablet for her but the interface and quirks of the Amazon OS just were not worth the hassle. Will end up seeking out a used iPad Mini 2 instead of this.
I have been a book fan and was surprised how much I love this.
I returned this to the store cuz I realised I didn't need music or lighting control. I replaced it with the echo dot. Disappointed because didn't know I needed wifi which I don't have.
Make sure u have wifi before you buy a tablet. Cuz it doesn't have wifi in the tablet
FireTV is as advertised. I like it better than the cable box and does not hog up to much internet bandwidth.
It's a fine tablet for the price the only problem I have with theach kids mode it's not what I was thought it's going to be I returned it back just be of this reason
Not only is this for anyone who has a hard time affording an expensive tablet, it is just a great all around great buy. I bought it because Prime allows you to download movies onto the device so that you could watch them on a plane or anywhere you don't have wifi.
Bought it on Black Friday for my aunt who isn't very technologically inclined. All she does is check her emails and watch videos on Netflix/Youtube. Works great for simple tasks such as that.
Great sound, love all of the things that connect with the echo.I use philips hue for turning off & on lightsWish it had a built in battery like the tap does
Bought for little sister and it's very entertaining for her. Keeps her busy
Has a great processor for its size, it's robust with lots of features and has a wonderful small remote that fits nicely in your hand. The remote has much fewer buttons then your standard remotes, which makes its very simply to use and along with Amazon GUI interface makes its simple to get around. I had other products that it competes with and this is by far the best, easier device to get around with.
This kindle has easier viewing and the light adjustment is great.
I've had two other tablet before this one and gave both of them away due to shoddy performance. Finally decided to try the Amazon Fire after recommended by a friend and so far I love it!
This is my first e-reader ever and it's AMAZING. the text is so crisp there is not a pixel to be seen. The device is fast, and I haven't seen any problems in my last 1-2 months of owning it. Battery life is decent - I use the backlight a lot so it doesn't last as long as it would without - but it's still great. I love how you can borrow ebooks from Overdrive and download them on your kindle, easy peasy. Kindle Unlimited offers a good selection of free books for a monthly fee, and there is a 30-day free trial. Overall an AMAZING e-reader. Skip the cheaper version without the backlight - you're gonna need it.
I am very pleased with this product. Amazon is definitely the best out there.
I got this for my brother as an early Christmas gift. He has never owned a tablet before and not super tech savvy. He really enjoyed it and never put it down over the holiday weekend. It was easy for him to use and adapt to.
The best part is it keeps learning. I use it a lot for my hue lights and separate radio from my Sonos
It's such a great tablet !!! Love the picture and everything about it is amazing. I'm glad I chose this one and what a great deal I got on Black Friday
As a Google Home user I was excited to try its direct competitor, Amazon Echo, since a lot of people that I know have an Echo and are enjoying theirs so far. The setup process is very simple and requires you to download Alexa App for your mobile device. The Alexa App definitely needs more improvement as I found myself having to relaunch the app at times to reconnect the Echo to my wireless network. Alexa has bluetooth connectivity which is great for streaming music from my iPhone, something Google Home does not have currently. The mic is very sensitive which I like so I don't have to speak too loudly to wake the Echo up and it picks up voice from the far end of the living room; the Echo is located in the dining room. Sound quality is pretty good and music did not have too much distortion at higher volumes.The Echo's is more on the heavier side which I like cause I feel the build quality is good. The Echo is tall so the tall black cylinder stands out in my dining room table. I like the 360 speaker and mic design. Volume control can be adjusted by twisting the top upper ring which is simple enough. Amazon Echo uses Bing for querying answers to your questions and this is definitely where I think Echo takes a hit. There were quite a few simple questions I asked Echo that Google Home had no problem answering. Google search is the best, bar none.One of the bonuses of Amazon Echo is surely felt if you are a Amazon Prime member. For example, I asked Echo to check my order status for items I ordered on Amazon and it told me I had items out for delivery today. Also you can ask Echo what are today's deals on Amazon and it asks whether you want to buy the item it mentions. There is a lot of potential and more benefits for Amazon Prime customers.Overall I really enjoyed using the Amazon Echo and I am impressed with the design and build quality. Amazon's usage of Bing for searching is definitely lacking compared to Google. This is a solid complimentary assistant for Amazon Prime Members. Bluetooth is a plus for sure.PROS: Solid build and design quality. Good audio quality. Sensitive mic. Perfect for Amazon Prime Subscribers.CONS: Amazon Bing search is not nearly as good as Google. Alexa App needs improvement.
My son loves it he wants to get the card for expanding memory it's a real good value and works great
Great product for online streaming. Way better than cable
Bought this for a plane ride to watch some YouTube's and Twitch streams. Would buy another.
I would recommend this for anyone. Real happy with it.
It's a great starter tablet for children,very inexpensive and durable.
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON TO USE TO WATCH VIDEOS & PLAY GAMES. I HAVEN'T BEEN DISSAPOINTED AT ALL SO FAR. MONEY WELL SPENT.
Got this as a gift for my girlfriend who has Amazon Prime and loves binge watching Netflix. It's an affordable and decent quality Netflix machine.
I got it for a friend, and she loves it for the amount of info she gets from it.
Bought this 1 because of the camera and good price
This table works okay but slow. Warning, this device is ad subsidized for the price, meaning you have to see ads.
We are able to watch lots of different programming
Great product was able to use my sling account and access all my Amazon shows was also user friendly very happy worth the cash especially now in 4k
This reader is everything I hoped for this price range.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for a family member. He uses it daily and loves it. Very easy to control next with your phone also.
Purchased for my 6 year old and it is very easy to use. She loves it. You can't go wrong for the money.
if you just want something basic cheap and cannot afford something better then it would be fine. But I needed it to do certain things that the other one was to small to handle.
This is great for using voice control around the house.
I habe the echo and I bought this one fort my son's room but it's not as user friendly. I wish I would've just bought the other one.
great new technology that provides sound and other search needs
I understood it did not have the wake command. But it would be better if it had it.Other than that, everything is wonderful with this speaker! Really convenient to be able to listen to my podcasts without messing with my phone or apps, just ask Alexa and she plays the most recent episode!
For the price she got a nice tablet tha she can use for games pics and videos
I bought this for my wife after she started having headaches from doing Facebook and email on her iPhone. The larger screen makes it easier for her to use for an extended period of time.
Purchased four of these for xmas gifts and they❤It
Great to use to make your old TV an smart TV. Enjoy Netflix and all amazon has to offer!!!
In an effort to cut the cord we purchased the Amazon Fire TV. It has all the apps we needed: Vue, Hulu, Netflix, Prime (obviously) as well as HBO, Showtime and the network TV station apps. It's easy to navigate and with a little setup we're cable free! Would totally recommend.
Returned item because my phone did everything Alexa does. The best thing was the quality of the speaker.
It's alright to browse the Internet and watch videos.
Really fun and nifty device...we use it for setting alarms, checking movies, weather info, playing music and getting answers. We are evolving with it to discover new ways to utilize the Echo. Speaker quality is very good...better than I expected.
It's a great devise for and older generation women and she loves it
Great tablet for internet, mail, calander, reading books, etc.
I had trouble linking to my Joule Cooking App, finally got on the third day. I Love it now, still is learning Voice Recognition though
We got this mostly to read books and play some games it's a cheap tablet so no problem if it gets broken don't buy the extended warranty not worthy.
Our Amazon Echo is another step toward making life easier. As a senior member of society, sitting back and having a "conversation" to learn about news, time, weather, etc. is even easier than finding the remote. Relaxing with music I can just "request" is always a good deal. And, not to mention the potential for the summoning of medical services in emergency situations. A great investment.
Found screen display, easy use and very versatile just the right size
Improved readability really helps. Extra in-read facilities a plus too.
All my friends and some family members have and I wantedto join in on the fun of Alexa! The speaker sounds great when playing music. Have linked my lights as well. Lovin my gal Alexa!
Great tablet for the price. My nieces loved it ...
Well worth the 80 bucks, especially if you are an Amazon Prime member. You can download and watch anything on there for free, including movies and magazines. The screen is a bit on the darker side, but the battery life is great. I have both an IPAD and this, and I use both. Great when you are waiting for your IPAD to recharge...
I bought one of these in December as an inexpensive back up for an iPad. I sincerely believe that the Fire 7" tablet is the best bargain I have ever had in an electronic device. I now gift these to my elderly friends who need a simple internet connector.
I use it everyday. Battery is great and the screen is marvelous. It even has the Web browser, :), and I have used it even though it lags. I will recommend this to family and friends.
Great tablet for the price. I enjoy the ability to seperate my log in account from my kid's account.
I enjoy this tablet and will buy another one for my daughter to use.
Exactly what I needed. Didn't want to settle for a generic off brand charger. Thanks to Best Buy I didn't have to.
We've tried several of these little streamer boxes - Fire TV, Roku3, Apple TV (not the newest one). I think the Roku is my favorite. This one is competent, if you have Amazon Prime you'll miss it on the Apple TV. But the voice command mode - the one distinguishing feature of the Fire - is not useful. It only searches Amazon content and while Amazon has a lot of stuff we watch more on Netflix, HBO, Showtime, Hulu, etc. So, not so useful. I would get the Roku. The remote with headphones is a great feature.
Unlike my first Kindle, this tablet gives me all kinds of information, advertisements and offers when I first turn it on. I could live without that, but overall, I am pleased with this new tablet. It does many things I haven't taken the time to explore, but hope to soon.
the hd feature is what sold me on this product, along with the fact its a lotmore streamline than the older version that I have
I LOVE this kindle!!! The battery life lasts for days.
I am extremely satisfied with this e-reader. It makes for ease on the eyes and fits comfortably in my hands.
All I wanted was a reader and this is the perfect solution. Love me Kindle Fire but not great as a reader.
Got this for my 4K Sony. Works great. It's faster than the apps on the tv with more selection. Plus I really like the Alexa voice remote. You can just tell the remote what you want and it goes right to it. Searches all your apps!!
I got this as a gift for my mom. She loves it. I highly recommend it.
Wife loves it, great price. She thinks it is better than our sons ipad.
I love my Amazon Fire tablet, I bought this all the while knowing that people had negative reviews... But honestly I don't know what they did to theirs because mines doesn't have any issues... I've had mines for over a month and still working perfectly like I just bought it yesterday...
Great product. Love that I can download Kindle Unlimited and read for $9.99 per month....a great savings.
Has a great speaker for playing music. Love all that Alexa can do, looking forward to add on"s in the future.
Great to listen to music and get news during the day.
The kids just absolutely love this, they get to ask her questions or listen to jokes. I love to listen to the music when doing house work or even working outside. It is nice that you can turn the music up or down through Alexa instead of going to the device and turning it up or down.
For my 3-year-old, it serves it purpose and very cost effective.
Tablet is very well built for 49.99 . Only issue is the speed of the processor
I'm used to a n iPad so I wasnt impressed with the kindle. I found it hard to navigate
i love it works great! i bought my son one to he loves it i would recommend IT TO ANYONE!
I like this reading device. I use it almost everyday. I read more books now.
I feel the on sceeen page turner is a little slow and also slow switching between screens.
I bought 3 for our 3 oldest Grandkids ages 7 to 10 and they loved them! Very easy for them to set up themselves and get started using them with very little help from thier parents. Great product for the price.
It would be nice if there were more interaction with Home Entertainment Deivices. Only purchased because works with Harmony Remote.
Amazon Fire way surpassed my expectations. I have an IPad but wanted something smaller to read my emails and view videos while I was at work.I'm also able to view excel spreadsheet, without having to purchase another program. Battery has decent power too.
I bought this to work with my alarm system and works great.
Echo is a nice addition to my ahem becoming automated home (not close). What I like with it are easy to use and setup, there still a lot of improvement to do but overall it's nice to have it as long the maker of it will continue to update Alexa to keep up with.this fast paced technology of us.
Nice little tablet for reading, Netflix takes a while to load if you want to watch it on it
This tablet is great! Nice display, and you get the amazon eco-system. Now you can also download google play easily, so you have the best of both worlds.
I bought 2 of the kindles for my grandsons. They love them! Had them charged and set up right away. No issues at this point.
I bought the Voyage kindle as an anniversary present for my wife and she LOVES it. The new dim light feature and matted glass screen are pretty amazing and work like a charm. She's able to read in all manner of lighting and places. This is a great eReader.
It broke so quick. You get what you pay for honestly.
I am definitely a book person, but this is really convenient for travel!
Amazon tablet that links to my amazon prime account so that i can watch all my movies and listen to my music.
First purchase of an e reader. Kindle Paperwhite is very refined after many generations of change on Kindles. Device is responsive for loading and downloading new books. Backlight is easy to use and adjustable. Our library has over 9000 books compatible with Kindle for checkout. Get the magnetic cover (Kindle brand or OEM) as it turns the device on and off with opening.
I love everything about it I really enjoy it I use it alot
We are enjoying Alexa. We are learning more about what she does everyday.
My wife loves the tablet! She's only using it for internet so far and it has worked flawlessly!
Gift for my mom and she absolutely loves it. It was exactly what she wanted.
Now I can use my Kindle. Works great
I became a fan of "Alexa" from Day 1. I play my favorite music, use the alarm, check news and weather and even ask Alexa to "tell me a joke!". One of my best birthday presents!
Bought for my kids. Perfect size (physical and storage) for them. Privacy settings allow for plenty of checks and balances against their purchases.
The latest software update included hands free mode. So this can do everything that the stationary Echo speaker does, but is fully portable. Personally, I don't want the device to record everything I say all the time, so I only use the tap mode. The sound quality is good for a speaker of this size. This is especially a great choice if you have a mobile hotspot with unlimited data. You can now bring Alexa on the go.
For an inexpensive Black Friday special, I have to say that I am quite impressed with this tablet. Well worth the $33 price tag. The speakers leave a lot to be desired, but when used with an external speaker, it sounds great. The battery life is also impressive. I've been using it for 2 hours and the battery level is now at 54% remaining. I must admit that I was somewhat hesitant to purchase it, but I figured that for the price, I would give it a try. I am not sorry for my decision. I have another tablet that cost 5 times as much and there is no difference in the performance. Even at the everyday price of $49, this tablet is worth the money.
I got this tablet for my 20 month old son. He constantly wants my phone or iPad to watch YouTube kids videos. He can work both of these apple devices all on his own. I figured he was ready for his own tablet, hoping he'd leave mine alone. No luck. The Fire is not as user-friendly as my iPhone. Even on the child setting it is not easy to use. The surface is not as responsive to touch. He gets frustrated with it and puts it down after a few minutes of trying. Now his daddy uses it and he still goes after my iPad and phone. If you want a tablet for your toddler, just get an iPad.
I bought my first Kindle Fire several years ago. This year I bought 3 (a new one for everyone in my household). Great tablet, lightweight & I love that the newer Kindle has expandable memory.
It works great for a kids tablet and the best is that you could add extra memory to it by adding a SD card.
Fixed problem after several power bumps/outages even with surge protector. Happy spending cost for new power adaptor vs. new Echo
I bought this e reader for myself and I love it. The price was great and the product is nice.
It was fun for few weeks until my kids starting asking all sorts of questions to Alexa. Amazon released a smaller version of Echo called Amazon DOT. Which is for half the price of Echo. DOT doesn't have speaker like Echo. But for people who are not playing music through Amazon Echo, DOT might be the way to go
This was a christmas present for my mom. She likes to read. Its a good tablet for a ridiculous price.
I bought this to replace my "old" Kindle Paperwhite which I wore out. That poor old thing had been through the wars and kept on going. I can not complain about a device that lasted for several years. It was used daily, shoved into a purse without a case or cover, and had been sat on by people and cats,. The only thing I wish would be that the charging cable supplied had the wall plug to go with the USB cable.
Got this for my husband on Amazon and then got two more for grandkids at Christmas from Best Buy. They had a great Black Friday deal on them.
I purchased this to replace my first gen Paperwhite. The shadows on the bottom of the Paperwhite always bothered me. I decided to upgrade to the Voyage and it is much better. I like the physical page turn buttons, the higher dpi, and the consistent back lighting. I think the only issue I have with the Voyage is the auto brightness seems a little finicky and I sometimes have to adjust the brightness manually. But that's a small issue for an otherwise great e-reader.
Had glitches and screen-touch sensitivity issues with the previous kindle ( the basic kindle) however, this is definitely worth the cost for an upgrade above it. Very user friendly and hassle free.
Incredible value - at $49.99 this tablet is a wonder. Easy to use right out of the box. I'm not a techie, so ease of use is a must. Watch movies, read e-mail, download a book, listen to music and much more. Small size makes it easy to carry in your purse. I'm very happy with my purchase!
No problems the unit work as Apple has explained with little or no effort
Bought for my nephew easy to use just could have more memory
Love it. Would definitely recommend to a friend. Just the right size to hold in one hand and "turn" pages with the other.
I bought this for my grandson and it hasn't disappointed me at all! He loves his tablet! I am looking at buying his sister one next!
Works great sounds good. Only criticism is there is no volume control like the dots for manual adjustments
I love the size, the portability, the reading options, the organization options, the look of the pages, and the price. You can't go wrong with the Kindle PaparWhite!
Purchased this tablet at a great price! This tablet works very well within the amazon ecosystem, so it is best geared towards those with amazon prime. It has micro sd card slot which is a plus.
We love this. Alexa is so intelligent and our son loves her. Also you get a discount on amazon music. You can hook the echo up to tvs, lights, and more. Just tell her what you want her to do
Works well. Very bright and easy to read. Can watch Amazon prime with ease. Excellent choice for an additional way to access technology.
i love my kindle. i use to have a nook but my kindle is so much nicer and easier to get b ooks.
The Echo hub is slick and very easy to set up. The built in mic and speaker are very good. Alexa voice service is totally awesome! A nice perk is that you have access to over a million songs if you are an Amazon Prime member, otherwise you can use any of the other popular music apps.
My wife loves this Kindle. The only complaint is the charging port has been a problem. We ended up exchanging it for a new one after a week or so because the port was loose and it was very hard to charge it. The second one has been much better but there has been a couple of times the charging port has given us issues.
The new Fire HD 8 is an improvement over the Fire HD 7". It is faster and the larger screen makes reading books much easier. I do wish the screen was easier to read when outside or in the car. Too much glare in those places.
Pros: liked the warranty, liked that it came with a case making it cost less than buying one separately. Cons: One grandchild was too old for the games included on his locked portion. Was hoping I could put games on a particular grandchilds site and lock it so he couldn't download other things. Would recommend this only for very young children.
Great price and good quality screen image in a nice 8" format. I installed a 128 GB microSD card with no problems. I was impressed with the quality of the device and it fit a generic tablet cover that was too big for the 7" generic tablet I had previously purchased. I wished I had gotten a few more during the black Friday sale. It came with a charger and cable.
This is a great piece of technology, it has 4K video output and all apps for Apple TV are available also for this box.
My husband wanted a tablet, mostly for reading books. He had looked at some but hadn't purchased one. I went online and read reviews and picked this one. He has been so pleased and uses it all the time.
Echo is fun to have but does not offer all I thought it would. Difficult to get answers to simple questions
The images are crisp and text very easy to read. Apps are good and easy to navigate. Love it.
I purchased this so my daughter could read her online books. Perfect size!
This was bought for my daughter and she has not stopped playing with it since she get it. I highly recommend this easy to use tablet.
I recently upgraded to this tablet; it is everything I wanted. Highly recommend!
The device was easy to operate and met all my expectations.
I was expecting better battery life cause they claim 6weeks of battery life. I am getting 3weeks. I wish it was little better than that. But that's my only issue
I really like the Kindle and appreciate the convenience. I use it all the time and especially like that it is backlit so I can read at night without turning on a light. The only thing I haven't figured out is how to tell which of the downloaded books I've already read. My old Kindle labeled them clearly but I can't find it on this new one. A small problem that is easily worked around.
I bought it for my daughter best thing ever I will recommend it to anyone
Very satisfied with my tablet ,it is very easy to operate.
This is great as a first tablet. It has Amazon underground for free apps. the only thing missing is no google play store:(
enjoy using Alexa every night! She's amazing! I'd recommend it to everyone!
Would recommend this tablet to friends and family. This is my third Kindle product.
Great ereader. Best bang for your buck. I highly recommend this product.
just an accesory but a usefull one
Replaced an older Kindle that was stepped on, and love the new Kindle the lighted screen is perfect for night reading, and the screen never washes out in bright sun light.
so much fun to use. Also streamlines ordering and other task. Great for listening to music as you think of it.
Easy to use. Does it all. Faster than my other tablet.
This is a huge step up from my kid's kindle fire. Good tablet for the money.
I love my Echo. Working to fully automate my home and this is just the beginning. Love love love it
This is a must have for the kindle. Great quality & texture.
This is even better than the firesticks, of you have 4k TV, you can't go wrong!
I already had one of these in my living room where we watch TV most of the time and bought a second one for my theater room....I Love it!
Would definitely recommend to family and friends that have little kids great learning tablet
Love the Kindle FireGreat size, Good Resolution, Alot of Apps
We purchased the tablet on December 4th, 2015 and by January 8th, 2016 the tablet shut off completely and does not work an will not turn on. This was a waste of money.
If you want a device that performs on command, Alexa is her name.She's a constant companion in the kitchen. She sings, tells jokes, shares recipes, tells stories, quotes Bible verses, gives me the weather forecast and so much more.If you add the additional devices you can control your lights or thermostat. My grandson really likes Alexa because she tells him stories.This inanimate object begins to feel like a real person the longer you have it around.
It was very simple to open, put together, install and begin watching my favorite shows. I highly recommend this box.
Working good and easy operation. Better than stick
Bought to listen to Pandora and MLB.tv. Awesome!
The Jetsons are finally here. This is technology that we only imagined watching episodes of the Jetsons
Awesome.. Everything I need and more. I'm very happy with the tablet.I'm very happy.Thank you,Kathleen Stroyek
This is a decent tag along item to go with the Echo. It does the trick as a stand alone as well if a speaker and Alexa service is all you're looking for. Only downside is, if you also own an Echo, when you push the button on the Tap to speak to Alexa, since she is always listening on the Echo, she tends to pick up your commands on the Echo as well. Be sure to place the Tap a decent distance away from the Echo. Otherwise, this does what it's intended to do.
This kindle has been great, I upgraded from an original kindle and haven't looked back.I think if you have one of the paperwhite's with the backlight you might not see enough bang for your buck to upgrade though.
I purchased 3 of these for Christmas gifts for my son and 2 granddaughters. I purchased 2 different colors for the girls so they wouldn't fight and one for my son to replace a broken tablet. They all love them.
I really enjoy watching movies on this it's very easy to use and Alexis makes searching a piece of cake
Great sound quality and very sleek to fit into any room dcor. Due to the price reduction during the holidays, I ranked it a 5 versus a 4 if the regular price was applicable to my purchase. Satisfied enough to purchase two Amazon Dots for my family as Christmas stuffers...which they loved.
The Echo can help in so many ways. We use it for music,shopping list and kitchen timer just to name a few of the many things we use it for.
Small table for a small price comparable to other tablet options on the market but not as user-friendly as I'd hoped. I prefer Samsung and the Google Playstore. Initial set up took a while citing the table to could not locate WIFI but it was on an accessible and in use by other devices at the same moment with accessibility for the Fire tablet to also connect. Eventually it connected but the ability to use the tablet, functions, tools, etc with ease was disappointing to myself (adult) and child I purchased it for. However it's a great "first-time" tablet and priced well.
This is a great tablet for the money. It works for what I need it for; checking emails, downloading books and magazines. Great price and very lightweight. I was able to Facebook Messenger my sister who lives in Alaska, which is something I had not been able to do with my phone or my laptop. So I am happy.
I bought 3 of these to use for tutoring kids at church. The program is just getting started but I think they will work great as a tool to help these kids. We will have some basic reading apps and educational games.
I really happy and satisface with all my thingsThank you so much..
I wanted this tablet for reading books, checking e-ail and playing the occasional game. It works very well. I have also found the camera very convenient.
Works great. Have had no issues at all. Love it! :)
This is actually my daughters device as I have no interest in a voice controlled spy. But, I will say that the sound from the speakers are pretty good for a small device.
I particularly like the fact that the text shows up and you can see it well outside on a sunny day. I use it with Kindle Unlimited.
I love this device, I can just tell it what to do without having to push buttons on my phone.
My son enjoys it no complaints works great long battery life
Love this item, kindle with the light is so totally worth it
Very good product enjoying very much. Plays all my music and all the the other features are great.
4 k capabilities, Ethernet direct hook up to router for faster streaming, voice remote control! Much better and not so restricted like Apple TV! A+++
Bought it as a Christmas for a family member. She uses it everyday. The music sounds great!!!
This is a great purchase for the price. I use it all the time to read on the go. It is like having a library in my purse
Simply the best to watch tv series and movies. It works even better if you are an Amazon Prime subscriber, with access to a many free goodies.
This is a cool tablet for entry model. has everything you need to get going. Its a little difficult for a child but they can catch on quick.
I love how clear the screen is and the tablet is easy to use. I love that I can make a profile for each of my kids and put limits on what they do and how long they get to play.
Dandy
Absolutely love my Voyager! It is much lighter than the original Kindle and smaller also. Fits better in my purse, so I now carry it everywhere I go. A little harder to navigate to my library, but am learning.
Got this for 40 bucks my daughter loves it .finally I get my phone back
Was good price.Wish it had Google Play download on to it.
Purchased for my niece and she loves it. I like the fact I can set limits on her tablet and restrict her access until she has read. Only downside is the case doesn't have a kickstand so that the tablet can be placed upright for viewing videos/movies. But a new case can be purchased.
This is our 2nd one, my wife was using my most of the time, so I got her one.
Echo is a great product that continues to improve. I love the white!
I purchased 2 of these FIre HD tablets as gifts. They pack a lot of punch for the price. I helped set them up so I was able to get an idea of how they are going to work. The screen was very nice and clear. Speed of tablet was good. It is easy to use. If you are already in the Amazon family through prime it is a no-brainer.I don't believe you can get a better tablet at this price point.
My girls were super excited to get their Fires for Christmas! Unfortunately, one of them stopped recognizing the touch screen after an hour of opening. Amazon was kind enough to send us a new one direct with a return label so returning it was simple! Crossing my fingers still though!
This has expanded my viewing and allowed me to see movies that I had forgotten.
Set up was automatic. I really didn't need to know anything specific. Just follow the prompts. Really great for my kids.
I love the Amazon Paper White Kindle. I can take it anywhere and it's my entire library at my finger tips. I can read at night, in the glaring sun and even in the constant changes of the outdoor light. This is the perfect reader for on the go.
Always great to upgrade new from old version when the staff is always knowledgeable
It works pretty goodwork properly with the right Internet speed
I need a tablet to begin exploring google and kindle fire was a great choice.
This was exactly as advertised and did everything that was claimed. Setup was fast and easy and I have no complaints.
This device does some pretty amazing things from running your smart devices for you to making your grocery list.
Bought the Kindle Paperwhite as a gift for a friend. He loves it and uses it daily. It's great for reading outside during the day, even in the South Florida sun, and the adjustable lighting is great for reading at night or in dim lighting.
It took me a little time to get used to thinking of asking Alexa, but now it comes easily!
I love this kindle so much I decided to by one for my daughter who is going to Europe. She will be able to download books and videos to watch on her long flight!!
Echo is a great product. Wish it had better understanding i find myself having to repeat often but other than that i love it great product
Bought this for my mom and she just loves it. Uses it for reading mostly.
We like the convenience that the echo offers but it seems to fall down on some things. For example, store hours are often not available when asked. Wondering if the Google Home wasn't the way to go.
I love the fire tablet so much so that I have purchased about 9 for my son, nieces and nephews
I got it for my brother and he loved it! He loved how small the box is and how it doesn't take to much space.
I got this tablet for my grandson as a Christmas gift because of the timed parental control feature.
So far I am loving this still learning all the in and out
Takes a while to get data programmed so you don't get a lot of I don't understand
I originally purchased the Google Home as a gift for my husband. He quickly was frustrated with Google Home as it didn't respond to what he was as asking. The Echo is much better equipped to answer questions and follow commands than its competitors.
Bought this for my 2 yr old daughter. She was able to use it within minutes. She loves bed it, plays games on it everyday as well as we bought apps to read to her. She loves it all.
I am very pleased with this tablet. It is easily portable, user-friendly and has good battery life
Would love to see more siri like functionality, however this integrates extremely well with my Nest thermostat and with my Philips Hue lighting system. While I am still learning some of the ins and outs of the Amazon Echo, I think I will be happy for a long time to come.
NEED A CHEAP ALTERNATIVE TO A TABLET, THIS IS IT !
good low light readability, battery life is fantastic. It's all i could ask for at such a low cost
My family has been enjoying Amazon stuff more lately, and the Kindle Fire Tablet is no exception! I haven't spent enough time on it to get what I need as efficiently as I can on my Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1, but my husband prefers it to his Galaxy tab 8 (currently in use by our 10-yr-old son). Remotes are too complicated sometimes... our family joke anyway... but he'll sit down and browse the Amazon content, get all the car stuff he enjoys reading, and I haven't heard a complaint or call for help. I haven't even heard any annoyed-caveman sounds! I like that the input for the charger is at the top of the tablet. May sound trivial, but my main complaint with both Galaxy tabs is that the inputs are on the bottom, so they can't sit upright for use while being charged (bottom-portrait for the tab 8 and bottom-landscape for the tab 10.1 - either way, it hinders function). Functionality during charging isn't disturbed with the Fire tablet. When I'm ready for a new tablet, I'll probably get the Galaxy Pro because it seems friendlier for bloggers, writers, etc. but the Kindle works if you're not looking for something too complicated. Price-point is great too.
Love it nice parental controls but be careful screen will crack.
Great tablet for the purpose of reading, also inexpensive
Excellent gift for my grandkids. They love it and play with it all the time.
Bought it as a Christmas present based on input from a friend of mine
Love this. Great for bed- time stories & timers for kids.
For under $100 this 8" tablet is a bargain. I do all I want on it like; check email, Facebook, Twitter, watch YouTube, read books, and shop on eBay or Amazon. I've been very pleased with my purchase.
The Amazon Echo Tap is a nice & interesting device...but it did not fit my needs. I also have the Amazon Echo and absolutely love it. So what's the difference? A. You have to walk up the the Tap to touch it - this is not as convenient and not as fun as the talking to the Echo from across the room. B. The audio quality not very good - more like a small bluetooth speaker. C. The Tap is fine around the house when it's connected to the home wi-fi, but when you are out of the house it must connect to your cell phone or other wi-fi?? That is not going to work very well.
This an amazing speaker. Absolutely great sound! The capabilities are endless. I would recommend this product to everyone. Very pleased!
Does everything you want a pad to do the price was the purchase point for me.. Easy set up
granddaughter loves it! Now my Ipad if free for ME to use
Purchased four of these for xmas gifts and theyIt
Useful and fun. Good quality. Good packaging and shipping was easy and fast.
I wish alexa was a little smarter. Sometimes she doesn't understand what i am trying to ask.
I bought it as an addition to my cable service and it is meeting my needs and expectations for the product.
I love reading!!! I was first using my iPad mini as an ereader. Originally it was purchased to be used strictly as an ereader but I found over time it was causing eye strain. I couldn't read for more that 2 hours without my eyes starting to hurt. After a little research and watching tons of Youtube videos I purchased my Paperwhite. I absolutely enjoy my kindle. It's light weight (my iPad weighs a ton), it's easy to download and access books, you can read on tons of platforms. I have been using an app called "Overdrive" to check out ebooks from the library. Now I don't have to get in my card and drive to my local library. I can just browse from my home via my smart phone. If you enjoy reading and your thinking about getting a kindle please do! It's the best purchase I've made in a long time! I was limited when I was using my iPad mini. Now it's like a whole new world has open up since I've started using my kindle. I have read several books by Stephen King since owning my kindle. Normally it would take me months to finish a book. Now it takes me days!
Reason I wouldn't give it a full five stars is because of the fact that is so loaded down with adware for Amazon but an awful lot of that is what makes it affordable so $49 can't beat it
I love this thing! I use it to control my Hue lights and music. It's a great speaker too.
Has many functions app or voice controlled. Great speaker qualit
I got it when my computer broke. Will get a laptop later.
I purchased this tablet for my grandson as a gift and he loves it.
This serves every function I need in a tablet. Price is right.
The Echo was easy to setup. It understands my commands most of the time.The only complaint is that it's speaker is not up to par with other speakers.
We are going to do our entire home with these types of products. Love the interaction it offers.
Seemed pretty simple to set up. Thinking about getting one for myself.
I am really impressed with Amazon box. The processor is really fast and responsive. Has one of the better remotes out there.
I'm not huge on kids using electronics, but my son (4) loves this when we take trips as he can play some of the downloaded games. We love it for when we want to get stuff done and still want him to be occupied and this does the trick. It's a little hard to navigate at first though.
I am still learning all the different things I can do with the Kindle Fire. So far I like it.
I am still learning all the things that Echo can do. Love finding new skills and using them.
Works well, setup is extremely easy. Replaced my directv subscription and We are very happy with it.
Good purchase for the money but the screen is smaller than I anticipated.
We got these for my kids for Christmas and they absolutely love them. All I did was set up a free time account for them to play and watch videos. Best part is that's all they can do so I don't have to worry about them going anywhere off limits.
Tablet works great. Nice big size good battery power. No problems using it.
the only downside of it is that you can't have google playstore on this tablet but you can still install it manually since they both based on android os
My kids loved the tablet small enough to take along every where I love the time limits I can set on them
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves it! She has been on it since she opened it.
I love the feature it can add events to my g mail calendar. Wish it would sync iPhone calendar. Great and easy to use
This is the foundation of how we're going to interact with our home and purchases. It'll only get more integrated. Whether you like this sort of thing or not, the Echo is fun and useful. Love walking into my house and saying, "Computer, play music from the 90's" or "Computer, turn on the lights". And as more and more skills are continuously added, it'll only get more fun and useful.
great tablet for the entire family and very easy to use.
Bought as iPad alternative for children 8 and 6 for reading and game play. Kids had iPad minis that both had charging port failures requiring costly repair/replacement. Easy to use, light weight and portable without the worry of significant replacement cost associated with iPad.
I really like this product. Work well. I don't need cable anymore.
Device size and speed are more than adequate for an 8 year old. I love Freetime and the ability to set limits for weekdays and weekends so my grandson is able to play without my direct supervision. Apps and books are age appropriate. I may have to buy 2 more for the 4 year olds.
The picture looks better running netflix on this than apple tv.
PPI too low for reading.. kinda regret getting it.. should've gotten a used ipad instead.
Good tablet and reader. It does not have a great battery life, but it is charged quickly.
Bought for my 11 year old son and he absolutely loves it.
This is an excellent little tablet for the price. I am please with screen clarity and speed.
able to access movies and TV--easy to use/easy to set up
For $49 this tablet is an incredible value!!This is the best solution ever for kids
It was great product. the price which I got it was great.
Great for streaming kodi and much faster than firestick
Young kids love it, easy to use and takes a beating but still cheap enough that if it does happen to break you don't break the bank too
Love this item. Plays my favorite music and shows. Can get up to date traffic and weather.
Great addition for a tv without smart features, and great for games for kids.
I brought tablet for my 3 yr old son. It was okay for him but I wasn't crazy about the amazon apps. It was a decent tablet though for that price.
I bought this for my daughter who is 6 and it has weathered the storm
No complaints. Works great, even in the bright sun and at night!
Great for the price - $50. I just wanted something to surf the net from my couch and this is perfect. I haven't tried using it as a reader yet.
The Amazon fire TV is a simple to install and use as advertised. All you need is your own HDMI cable and everything else is provided for you. Set up took minutes. I really like how fast the Fire TV is. I use it almost exclusively for Netflix, Hulu, and live TV streaming thru PlayStation Vue. I chose the Fire TV over the TV stick because the Fire TV has a faster processor and it works beautifully. I would definitely recommend this box for anyone who's looking to cut the cord from cable.
nice reader. almost perfect for what i want/need. good bargain
Very good value. Perfect for checking emails, watching videos and browsing the Internet . Only disappointment is the camera is not great quality but ok
Much better than the fire stick has a lot of memory and processor so it's very fast between menus. most likely will buy another one for another TV
Nice and compact. Short time to charge. Good product.
Good size screen and clarity for the money. Seems fairly robust. The biggest problem is putting apps on it, at least free games. They do not have a great selection and when I put them on some of them require you turn on tracking so they can collect information or they won't let you play it
I like the product and would tell others about it.
I had this device for few weeks before returning it and getting the Kindle Voyage. But the only difference between the two is the design, page press buttons and the auto dimming light as they both have the same screen. After purchasing this device, I immediately devoured three books in the course of a weekend. Which, sadly, is more than I've read in about two years. This device has reinvigorated my live for reading since it is so portable and the battery lasts for quite a while. I would suggest that you get the genuine leather cover for this device when you buy it as it just adds that little extra to the purchase. Overall, I would recommend anyone that wants to read more, reads often, or reads many books at once to take the plunge and buy this device. Plus, new books can be upwards of $20-$30 sometimes. This little device will carry all of your books and only costs the price of a few hard copy books. Plus if you need a physical copy, you can always borrow from the library.
Purchased for 8y/o. Appears and feels well-built. Plastic screen vs. glass on higher-end Kindle models should prove more child resistant. Screen is recessed below frame edges, which also helps mitigate catastrophic damage in the event of a fall. Battery life is very good. Several books read at moderate brightness and still over 50% battery available. The screen has very good contrast ratio. In daylight, the backlight is completely unnecessary. The backlight is bright, and still soft enough to not induce extra eye strain. Highly recommended for any bookworm, young or just young at heart!
I love it. Does everything I like. The daily joke is also a nice feature. Weather is up to date
I now have 5 Amazon Echo Units. Can't get enough of them. GREAT...!
The echo is a fun time for all. I love that I can connect it to lights. The grandkids love to ask Alexa questions. Everyone has fun with it!
I bought it for my grandchildren and they are happy
I waited for weeks to get this new model and am happy I did. I love the new features on the Kindle Voyage. Didn't give it 5 stars due to some difficulty with the pressure sensitive buttons. I don't know if it is a flaw with the design or operator error, but sometimes it is more challenging than I think it should be to get the page to turn. It is far easier to swipe the screen so this is what I typically do. But, regardless. . . I love the Voyage! It was definitely worth the wait!
Fought it for a long time, but Kindle is awesome. The newer version with adjustable light is best for me.
I do like Alexa. When asked a question and knows the answer, it is pretty neat. The answer is immediate as well. There have been many times where it did not know the answer. Maybe it didn't understand the question. I am looking forward to start getting some of the home connections to see how that works.
I love my amazon fire stick. It goes great with my tv!
The paper white can hold many books which is great for traveling. The back light is easy on the eyes.
These boxes are simply amazing! Great for everyone
Great for web browsing..shopping online..reading books and magazines or watching movies and you can't beat the price!!
Nice handheld size. Clear text. Easy to read books on.
Screen is very vibrant and bright great color. Pretty easy to use even for a beginner. It's big enough to see well but easy to hold. Fits in a purse easily.
This is my first tablet. So far, I am pleased with my Fire Tablet. I am not a gamer, I do basic internet searches and check e-mail. Is easier due to size, than using my smart phone. No problems or issues to this point.
My Echo is such a helpful assistant! She turns the lights on and off, tells me the weather, plays my favorite music, finds recipes, wakes me when I set an alarm, and helps me relax and sleep with meditation music. I have one in the living room and a a Dot in the bedroom.
It's nice but not as easy to switch profiles as I would like for it being a child's tablet. But overall easy to use just a lot of junk on main profile.
Great tablet for my 3 yr old. Love the profile options and parental controls!
We purchased the echo as a gift for my wife. My family loves it.
great buy. excellent product. Just need to buy a cover to protect
We bought this for our daughter, she plays with it a lot and really loves it.
Good product just disappointed I can use the music off my phone I have to pay for a app with in the product which suck
It does everything that it is suppose to. It does seam to be a little slow over wifi. Does seam to buffer now and then.
Good for toddlersEasy to carryEasy to download
If you're expecting something like an iPad, leave your expectations at the door. This is a great little tablet for losing track of time while you read, play a game, connect with family/friends, or watch a show. I've had iPads for years, and have loved using them--just getting tired of the price tags that come with them.
My niece loves it! Her sister got one for Xmas and now she got one too.
My mom loves it. She doesn't even use her chromebook anymore. I love my new chromebook shhhhhh.
I love reading on these tablets. Its so easy to use too. I would like to say that this does not use andriod software but Fire OS
With an amazon prime membership you have "Alexa" play all kinds of music. Haven't really used any of the other features yet.
I enjoy reading my kindle. Easy to buy books. Long battery life
my son loves it he's been on it all day he loves all the apps he can get
The size and weight is perfect. Easy to use and long battery life.
Very hard to set up child profile without paying for a subscription to freetime. Once I got it finally set up though, runs smoothly, but battery doesn't seem to last very long.
I would definitely recommend this product for the price.
got this product for my granddaughter. im #1 grandma now
I really enjoy my tablet for reading and my books. Meets all my needs which is online shopping, news and book reading!
I got this to use in my living as im cutting the cable cord. Works great with WIFI and i can put my tv any where!
I bought this tablet for my 8 year old granddaughter. She loves it!!! The display is very clear and easy to see. The set up allows for you to choose child safe settings with PIN protected parent lock to help protect young users from inappropriate content. This is well worth the affordable cost!
Easy To Use  Long Battery Life  Quality Build  Quality Display
I did get this on sale right before the holidays. I was looking for a Kindle with at a minimum back lighting. Though it doesn't solve all of the glare issues, it actually made for a great tablet at a very low cost price.
Great little device. Time to cut the cable. Easy to set up and program.
This is a great item and one of the best prices you can get. Works well and easy to setup.
Bought it for my son for his summer reading. Kindle is working great.
Bought this as a gift for someone and they love it! so many commands and uses for this device
Alexa is a good friend and she is always ready to listen to me and if I don't know something she does I would recommend
This is a very affordable e-book reader. It works well in the dark because it is backlit, and it is very simple. The lightness helps a lot, and I usually buy Kindle books now instead of other books because it is so much easier to carry.
Easy to use. Fun. Get news weather and music. Great addition to the household
Great tablet and perfect for the kids. I will be going back to buy more of these at this price!
If you don't have high expectations this is a good deal for the price.
My kids love it, great for games and youtube video
Very satisfied with this purchase my grandson loved it
Great tablet for reading books, but the bluetooth is hard to get working and there are much better tablets for games and movies
I'm a techie. I love cool products.The Echo is a wonderful addition to the home automation revolution.Besides the home automation benefits, the sound quality is superb for the size. I love being able to play music, change the volume, and get updates all via voice. I would like to see some additional updates to how you can interact (without having to say Amazon or Alexa to trigger).Recommend it highly!!!
great for first timers with technology...alexa is very smart. we not need our collectible cds anymore
I enjoy the new kindle, only things I would like to change is the way screen darkens and lightens while reading. Not sure how to stop that. Occurs consistently. Also, would like to stop the ads seen each and every time kindle is turned on to start reading again. That is bothersome. Otherwise, am happy with the kindle.
Thoughts of being able to have the Echo "grow" as I added to the list of tasks, excited me. Including the latest app, having it to recognize my smartphone's contact list to place and to receive calls. However, the Echo I purchased does not link up to my Samsung smartphone. Disappointed is a understatement.
I love my Echo!!! I think you should buy one too!!!
bought this for my kids new tv, it is very easy for them to use.
bought this unit as a door price at work . my fellow employees went bananas when they seen this as a prize option. last x- mas I gave away the fire stick and that was a big hit
Works as expected. I enjoy reading newspaper articles, books, as well as banking apps and social media tools.
The Kindle Voyage is light weight, slim. easy to use and so far has been a good product. The page turns very easily and the light works very well. The anti glare screen is the best!
Great tables for kids. I haven't had any issues with them
Bought for wife because I had one. Hers was an older Kindle that was about to fail.
I own the Kindle Fire HD 6 and love it...this is a Christmas gift for a friend. Hopefully she will love it. Great price
I got this kindle fire for a Secret Santa gift that my family does each year! I was so excited when I was able to get it on sale which made it in the price range of the Swap! This was a huge hit and he continues to use this today a year later!
It works great!
Bought this for my grandkids - they love talking to it, asking questions, and playing music. It keeps them occupied all the time!
I love this tablet! Great price and it gives the ability for the user to do so much!
Was a great Christmas present for my grand daughter she loved it
We purchased this after wanting to get rid of satellite tv and save money. We wanted to try PlayStation vue and needed an option for another tv. This has. Even a great addition and we love it. Very good interface and we don't miss satellite at all! We have been enjoying many of the free games as well. This is a great choice.
I really like this item. It is easier to carry around than my iPad when going to appointments and has all my kindle library on it. I did purchase a scan disk to ncrease its memory and am still learning how to use it. Having wifi capabilities is a plus.
This is a good product for the price. It does do the basic things right. It however would need a bunch of features to be added to make it a great product.
This was the best thing to happen for me and my family with the way you can set up the kid mode is awesome and the overall functionality of it is very easy
The fire box is just what I wanted! It lets me not worry about missing my favorite shows and movies
Alexa doesn't know half of what my computer does. But the musical quality is good. It's a glorified radio. I think I would recommend the Dot. Save your money.
i really enjoy this product the costumer service was great on helping me pick the right item and explain it to me well i cont to have great experience at best buy.
This is a great buy - and especially for the price. Use it every day. Screen is great, features good. Highly recommend it.
Easy to use and definitely recommend. Can do so many things with it. Wouldn't be without it.
Love alexa. She truly is a personal secretary. 2 thumbs up
Faster than firestick and also has a micro SD slot plus usb.
We bought this for our son when he went to college. He is able to upload all of his books and other documents.
Think of it as a solid, but generic iPad. It's not as impressive as what Apple does, but it's respectable. Purchased for a friend and he's loving it.
Does everything I need really well. I do both of my email accounts, read all of the news and sports I want, and do light research. It's plenty fast and the screen resolution is just fine. Amazing for the price.
For a basic tablet, this is perfect. Good price. Does all I need it to!
This was a gift for my girlfriend. She loved due to the fact that it was small and compacted ..
Love it, but at times it just goes black. I have to unplug and hook back up order for it to work, sometimes multiple times. Same with the reg fire stick that i have on anther TV.
easy to uses , good for young children to uses ,watch moves, play games, read books, would recommend to other
Great in sunlight. Long battery life. Very happy with purchase.
Would recommend to others to purchase for a gift or everyday use
Good tablet. Wife loves it and would recommend....
I wish i had known about this product sooner works great.
Works great for charging my Kindle.
seriously.... it's great and you should have one!!
Bought as replacement for Kindle HD 7 2012 model. Works great, considering the price. The expandable storage is awesome!
purchased for my sister for reading books, internet and games - perfect for beginners and novices. Easy to use. Would be a five if available with 4g
We purchased this item because our Smart TV has slowed down (Its a few years old) and we were tired of having to use our game consoles and/or phones to stream content. This solved our problem. The Fire TV is very fast and has tons of content.
Good products I would advise every one to get one it work great and easy to install
Love it great speaker as long as u have access to WiFi
Confortable...easy to use.Works great with any light.
I love to read and have other tablets but the kindle fire is light weight and was easy to set up There are alot of books and audio products that you can buy and get for free.
Much easier to use than the stick.i would recommend .
I have a connected home. Specifically smartthings. This gives me voice control over everything and I love it! The music is an added bonus. I plan on purchasing more, in the form of the echo dots for each room!
Perfect price for the tablet and recommend for kids who don't take care of electronics. Purchased a I-Pad and the kids broke it and was out $600.00. If they break the tablet I can purchase another on at the low cost at Best Buy.
Easier to navigate to find what your looking for. A lot of selections to choose from
I got this for my son to play games on soI could get my iPad back. Personally I think it's a great little tablet for kids and or for reading. Other then that it's not a high powered game playing tablet or anything to keep lots of storage on. But it works for what it's intended for andI have no problems.
Easy to navigate, right size, in expensive, my granddaughter loved it
nice gadget to play with. we mostly use it for playing music on pandora but it has many more functions. conversions, timer are 2 useful examples. great as a gift for someone who has it all
Love my echo without it Ill die it helps me with my appointments .
Alexa Is a very good product. Great speaker volumne for lidten to music and a lot of apps for it
Got this for my son, he loves it and is easy to use and add stuff for kids, the warranty is an added bonus. Plus pretty durable, since having a 2 year old, when he throws fits, this gets thrown as well.
I really enjoy the fire tv and all the perks that come along with having fire tv such as the variety of free subscriptions and many options to choose from
I got this awesome gadget to use it with my 4 k tv.
I wake up every morning and get my weather and news before I go to work. Haven't really done any other things with it yet. Not sure if it's worth the price.
Brought for my wife . She loves it. She spends a lot .
Got this for my dad who is not good with electronics. It's so easy to use he is already on Netflix!
I use my kindle fire for various uses, easy to use, you can read, play games, and go on the Internet with wireless access. If I can do it, anyone can so not techy!!
Wanted something not expensive but rather easy to use to watch children shows great choice
I bought 2 for my 4 and 5 year old and thet love it.
I would highly recommend this product. It's speaker is very good and you can ask it a lot of question s and she will usually have the answer.
I got this because I didn't want to set another cable box in my room. I don't watch a lot of tv to begin with. What I like about the fire tv is that you can download apps such as the Uverse app from att and watch live tv from it. And other apps like history channel, Netflix, food channel. You can also buy an app that lets you connect your smart phone to the tv. So if you have a movie on your phone or laptop that the fire tv doesn't have, you can connect it and mirror it and it will appear on your tv. Almost as having a cable box but you only pay once and not every month for it. The control does get disconnected a lot, I don't know if it's the Amazon batteries or if it's the remote. Over its good for someone who doesn't watch a lot of tv.
Wow! it is so nice to have a light and easy to hold device that only carries tons of books! No distractions like on my iPad, with email messages pinging in and facebook updates to check...just books and lots of them!The Kindle Voyage is everything they said it would be...light, back lit with self adjusting levels, page turners, all the bells and whistles. I am so glad I waited and splurged for this one!
This is my third kindle, and I am thrilled with the new display! Money well spent
the echo helps me keep tract of daily and monthy events..Hoping later to use it to play music and use it to make the house more efficent.
Reading is easy, can make font as large as you need
Ha my anticipated my purchase having to wait to purchase it, I read a great deal and it did not disappoint. I love my Echo!
It's pretty fast response time on switching between apps and pretty good 4k visual also.
The Amazon Echo is lots of fun to use. It is so smart! Easy to set up.
This was a present for my father and he hasn't complained one bit about it.
I got this for my parents for xmas. They really like it. It's fun and is great for playing music. It's not as great for answering questions but does a decent job with simple ones. I'm disappointed it doesn't have an audio out via bluetooth or cable etc. It'd be nice to be able to hook it up to a stereo. I guess that is what the Echo Dot is for.
I play music from my playlist and use the timer to keep time for my morning yoga exercises.. I listen to Pandora radio stations - morning raga, evening raga, jazz, instrumental, Bollywood and other radio stations. I check weather locally in Michigan, other locations in USA and abroad - Mumbai, India. I ask for movie show times and theater locations. I use the alarm feature often for appointments.
Amazon free time great for small kids to get entertained
So much better than the original one I had. I would definitely buy another one.
Fantastic E-Reader. Battery lasts a few weeks on a single charge (if you leave wifi turned off). Feels great in your hands. Is very lightweight.
This is a great inexpensive tablet for beginners. It also has access to Amazon Prime's Library for Music and Video. I would highly recommend it.
I really liked the idea of this tablet being affordable for my niece and having a protective case was a plus. But after setting this up and giving it to her it works like a dream. Great way to give a kid something both fun and educational.
Easy to use and simple tablet. For the money can't go wrong.
Not as comprehensive as I thought.Basic questions avaid her perview.I hope there will be some software upgrades soon.
We needed something easy to use for our bedroom tv watching. It was easy to set up and with our wired connection, it functions very quickly and is easy to navigate with the simple remote.
Pretty happy with my tablet. i mostly use it to try and play games.
We only used this for music and playing games with questions with the Echo. Now we are using it to automate lighting in the home. A fun toy that has become a useful tool
I have used the Kindle app on an iPad and Android tablet and phone and I love it. This is my first Kindle device, so I can't compare it to previous Kindle versions. The only drawback to using the Kindle app on the previoulsy-mentioned devices is that they can't be seen in direct sunlight. And that is the biggest advantage I see to owning a Kindle--you can read outside in daylight. Also, the kindle is very light and portable and easy to use. It does what it says it will do and you can't beat the battery life. The X-ray feature is also a bonus that you don't get with the app.
This is a great and convenient tablet at an unbeatable price.buy one before all gone
Bought 2 for birthday presents for boys. They were on sale and a great buy. Going to be used to read on and game playing. Work well. Just wish screens were bigger.
Well worth the $50 for a nice tablet. It fits the bill. Nice display, no frills.
What a cool speaker. Alexa is fun to use and the sound is great.
Bought it on sale for $10 less than buying it from Amazon, My only complaint would be that I should have grabbed 2 instead of just one!
lots of games, love that it has the option to use as a regular tablet, and my kids love the case because it makes it easier to hold and to prop it up when they are listening to books and such! Has parental controls and is all around awesome for kids!!!!
Great purchase. Would definitely recommend it to anyone.
I bought this for my granddaughter because it was small enough to be carried around, big enough for her to read books on and her favorite color.It is sturdy in case she drops it. She is very happy with it and uses it all the time. Plus it was on sale and I got it for the same price as a black one. Normally Blue costs more. Don't know why but that is the story.
Good product much faster response then a fire stick
Better than older kindles. Reading a book on a kindle is easier than holding a book.
Bought as a Christmas present. Son uses it to watch youtube and Netflick. Works great.
i bought this on a whim because my brother recommended i try it sometimes. hard to believe how important this is in my life. this has opened up my long forgotten youth with music and videos anytime
I shop on amazon and watch Amazon shows. Does great for what I wanted it for.
Love the amount of time we can set that she can be on this! The bumper guard has been handy. Apps that were on it are awesome. Best of all she loves it!
Very easy setup, I recommend hard wiring, if possible, it has all the apps we use, including Sling TV!
Great for anyone who loves, to watch the latest movies, tv shows, and much more!!!!
I bought this to replace an aging Apple TV and have been very pleasantly surprised with it. It streams in 4k, which my Apple TV did not do, and I have Kodi installed to stream media from a home server to my TV. Great product and worth the money!
It cool speak what you want and with amazon prime can just place order by talking
Had been thinking about purchasing this for some time and decided to take the plunge. It was easy to set up and the sound is very good, which was surprising. It's in our kitchen, so we use it in the morning when we are getting ready to leave for work and at night when we are preparing dinner. It's useful for getting a brief rundown of the news, listening to some local radio, or playing some tunes. We have it set up with our NEST, but don't have anything else really automated so I can't comment on that. I probably paid more attention to Alexa initially when we bought it, but now can go days without speaking to Alexa. Can't we all?
This is a nice, cheap little tablet. It's simple but for the price I don't have too many complaintsSome things I've noticed though is that the battery life is very short and appears to drain battery even when not in use. I find it difficult to cut and paste text and I'm not sure how or if you can save pics to the gallery. This tablet is best for streaming media and simple browsing.
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it!!! One thing I dont like is the charger doesnt stay in well. Its ok because I just rig it up and leave it on the charger over night. Only other complaint would be she can't download same games as her brothers tablet. Other than that absolutely great buy for $49.
The product is quite durable and user friendly in many aspects.
The speaker quality exceeded my expectations. I have used some of the Skills and am very please with them. Being a Prime member I think the best feature is the access to Prime music, though Spotify Premium members probably could enjoy the same selection if not better.
I like buying stuff from Bestbuy because, it's always seems cheaper than others!!!
Awesome for young and old can work anywhere hooks up everywhere and kid friendly
I works well for what it is. Great price and easy setup.
Built solidly. Very slow. I bought this for my kids but I cant download kids YouTube on it
Gave this to my son who breaks everything and so far has lasted through a couple drops. Easy to use and upload content.
Many people asked why I was getting an Echo when I had Siri on my iPhone that basically did the same thing.First, you set the Echo up and it is always there in the same spot. No more looking for my phone in the morning, holding it up to my face and asking about the weather and traffic. While I am shaving in the bathroom, I call out and ask about the weather and it tells me it. How convenient is that!
I recieved my echo for Mother's Day and I figured it was just another toy for my husband to play with! I am not to high tech savvy but found the echo very easy to use!! I especially like the grocery list! I would highly recommend this product to anyone young or old
I've had an Echo for a couple years now, and it is pretty slick in some cases and grossly frustrating at others. Playing music, setting timers, asking specific questions and overall home control works well. Whenever you ask it what seems like a simple question in some cases, she cannot answer. Sometimes she hears wrong and plays music that is beyond interesting. One thing I can say is that Amazon has been working to make Echo better and better. I set 4 stars because I don't think it is quite a 5 star product yet.
Got this for my9 year old so he could play mine craft and other little games. Does well, durable and easy to operate.
I was having some "stutter" issues streaming services through my Samsung Smart TV and thought I'd try an Apple TV or Amazon Fire as an alternative. Liked the Fire's ability to stream in hire definition (already have an Apple TV on another set) and lower price. I've been using it for months. Solved my "stutter" problem, works great, and talking to Alexa makes it easy to search and use. Just wish the Apple TV had an Amazon app and the Fire had an Apple app.
I love these things and this is the best iteration yet! If you like to read, there is nothing better! Not only are the books cheaper, you can get almost anything you want to read instantly. If you like to travel, it is a must have - you can bring with as many books as you want (I take mine backpacking all the time) and never have to worry about taking up valuable space in your luggage.
Most speaker like this will be over USD150.00 but this one is less than that price with a great sound quality
One of the best tablets other than android out there
I got this product for my 2 year granddaughter to play games on. I am currently checking into purchasing the monthly $5 kids mode for her as it now has many pop ups.
Great product, easy set up, easy to hide but pleasant to look at. Works great but have not found any content that was Dolby digital. Picture is nice
One of the best tablets on the market for its value
I'm so happy with my Kindle! It's so easy to order books and it works great to read at the gym.
bought one for myself and love it bought this for my 85yr old mom she loves it too
Bought this tablet as a gift and my brother really enjoys it.
Very happy with this product and not having to pay outrages cable/satellite bills. Set up is a breeze.
Bought this with the intention of reading more, it serves it's purpose! I will be purchasing another one soon for my nephew, for his books and learning games.
Got this on sale and definitely a good purchase. Very useful for the whole family
I bought three of these as christmas gifts for my grand-sons ages 3,6,11. I didn't think about the type of playstore available for them to get games. They were disappointed as they were unable to get some of the games they were used to in the playstore unless they paid for them. One of them has to be returned as it will not hold a charge which has been frustrating for the child who is trying to play his games.
Very intuitive to use, works great with the Amazon ecosystem.
Voice feature is really convenient. Fast with little to no buffering. But I don't like that you have to pay for episodes on channels you already pay from Subscribed channels like AMC. Roku doesn't do that.
I purchased this for my nephew, great activities, and more for him to learn.
This product works the same as the firestick but is suppose to have 4K and better quality. To be honest it looks the same on our 70 inch 4K tv. This product does not come with the cords to hook it up. So you need to buy an hdmi cord and an Ethernet cord which adds to the cost. But I do love the Amazon product compared to other devices.
I brought this as one of the wished for items for our Adopt-A-Family. It appeared to be a nice device for viewing email, social media, and entertainment.
Bought this device for my dad. It is fairly simple for games and internet use.
New for 2015 tablet is some what different to use than the 2 version. Bought these for gifts.
Me and my family we love amazon fire tv.You can find any tv show,movies ,all kind of streaming apps.some paid some free.
A great Christmas gift, great for listening to music
Very pleased with product. I was also a decent price and not overpriced.
What a GREAT PRICE!! This one is a lot different from the one I am replacing. I, personally, don't think it's as user friendly. But there's nothing that can be done about that. I only use it for books, nothing else.
I've had the Echo for several months and love it. The sound is excellent, the device recognizes my voice from across the room, and it's handy to use.
This is the best tablet for a kids tablet. The modified Android operating system with Amazon features built-in is great. I am reviewing for what it is, a KIDS TABLET. It has a 1.3 gigahertz processor, meaning for such a small device that decently enough. Internal memory is 8 gigs but you can expand to 256 gigabytes. You wont run out of memory. It has a 2 megapixel camera that shoots in 720p, meaning not full 1080 hd or 4k. Again, if you bought it for a camera you'd be wrong, but for a kid 2 years to 12 years old, that's good. It has 1 gig of ram so it is kind of sluggish on more detailed games. Our 2 year old isn't playing any heavy graphics games that take up the CPU and GPU. It came with a nice rubber case for drop protection and she has thrown it a few times excitedly and it did its job. It has no resource hogging GPS or RADIO but it does have bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
Easy to use. Sometimes does not understand or have the information. Use regularly as a kitchen timer and for weather updates.
I had ordered my brother the Echo dot and mom mentioned she would like one also! What a hit! My parents love talking to Alexa!
we got this for my mom for Christmas so she can play games. It is absolutely perfect for her, as it is bigger than her phone & she can see it much better.
I bought one for my 9 year old son for his birthday - and now we are buying another one for our ten year old. We have had some tech issues as we are juggling three tablets on one account - but with careful monitoring, it's ok.
My daughters having fun with this tablet, great Christmas present.
this has been a great tablet for my daughter and a great gift
Perfect size, so easy to carry around. Long lasting battery life. Would reccomend!
Do not pay attention to their ad. It says the plug is not included with the kindle and it absolutely is. If they lie about this sort of thing what else do you think the lie about. Steer clear these guys are rip off artist.
I bought two one for my son and one for me. Great tablet, at a reasonable price.
Good tablet overall just not enough memory but with an sd card just love it
Absolutely love Kindle Kids Edition. Easy to use. Great apps and love it comes with 2 year warranty. Must have for my 2 kids.
This is one of the greatest things I've ever bought
Great gift for the people who have it all. I gave one to my 80 year old Dad and he loves the wealth of knowledge Alexa has to share. I love my Amazon Echo, especially for the music. Very easy to set up and use.
It does exactly what it says for the right price..
Purchased 2 as high school graduation presents. They were a HUGE hit bringing them to college.
I bought two of it. I love the way the battery last for a long time.
This item is a thing of the future. You can littetly operate you wireless components using this debice.
The image quality is nice, but the speed is much better than the fire stick, increased ram is always a plus.
I bought the Fire for my 8 year old for school after a suggestion from the sales rep in store. Went to set it up and it required a credit card number be entered. Couldn't even download free kids apps. Why would I want my child able to accidently buy something? I refused and thus not able to download anything. We will be returning it. Product appears best for an adult who likes to read books on tablet.
This is for a present. I have one of these for myself and love it!
Had a very, very old Kindle so this was quite a change. Like the size, the paperwhite (didn't think I would) and the back-lighting..
Tablet is great for the price. Not as fast as my S7 but pretty darn good for the price.
Wife had the earlier version without the light. This one does the joband lets me go to sleep while she reads. Best money I ever spent to get out of the dog house.
I love this tablet. Its so simple and easy to use. Happy with how long the battery lasts after watching Amazon video for hours.
I love all the things Alexa can do. It is very useful. I put events on my calendar, listen to music, have Alexa wake me up, she can tell corny jokes and answer many questions and do so much more.
Tablet work great, good battery life. Just not a lot storage, but has micro SD card slot.
I bought it as a present for my little sister. She loves it so much that when she got it she did not take her hands off of it and started reading right away! Such a good kindle.
good reliable tablet will recommend to others.not expensive at all.
Great little tablet for watching amazon prime movies.
Alexa is a great device. The only drawback is not being able to simultaneously stream all devices throughout the house. Hopefully Amazon is working on a solution
I purchased this item for a very special women for Christmas, she is exceptionally happy. that is great for me
Love it! Glad I got the one with voice command. Don't have extra speakers so this works better than the dot for me.
Good little tablet for what I wanted, a few games, reading, web browsing. Came to me with slight flaw in corner of screen where there is a spot that looks brighter than the rest of the screen but can't beat the price I got on sale $30!.
This tablet has been a huge lifesaver. Not only do I have movies for my son on my tablet but I also have my games and his games so it keeps the whole family happy. It's super user-friendly so even my one year old can figure it out. Connecting to Wi-Fi is super simple and it has amazing features. The speakers on it are amazing. I catch things in the movies we watch more on this tablet than I do on my own TV. All around family friendly tablet.
I'm really impressed by the amount of expansion you can put in with a micro SD card for extra storage .
I have owned the fire stick for a few months when I decided to upgrade my TV to 4K and when I did I also upgraded to this Fire TV. It is a. Ice upgrade from the stick picture quality is great (may be the new tv) also runs faster and smoother.
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
I bought the Fire for my husband to play his games on. He enjoys it, but it's not as fast as he'd like.
Looks good, works great and light enough to carry in your pocket. would be much better if it would a compaters (nook) APP.
Bought this for a new tablet user. After a quick training session she caught right on.
My daughter loves her tablet and it's great for movies and games!
It's small I can take it with me where ever I go. I can read, play games, and get on the Internet. Not to mention the price was right.
We've tried a few different brands of tablets, between the DigiLand tablet my neice has or the Polaroid tablets we bought last year. Don't buy Polaroid. The brand used to be about quality, but their tablets are terrible. Slow, unable to process much, they needed to be restarted constantly from freezing.But Amazon's Fire tablet is amazing. My mom was so happy with it. It runs so well and is just overall AWESOME.
works great, wife loves it. Always happy with the kindle
Very productive product naught for my daughter and she loves it
I've had my Echo for a few weeks now, and it is awesome. It's so easy to use the voice commands. There are also a lot of possible connections and add ons in the Alexa App. Great purchase.
This tablet is great for what it is! They were presents and they love them!
I love my kindle fire tablet. Purchased this one to replace a stolen one.
This product was a replacement for the one my husband had which was an older generation. He loves the paperwhite, much easier to read in daylight, he does take it to work with him. He says it is overall better in many ways.
Great tablet for a beginner Tablet being used by older
My husband wanted the fire box and we are glad we got it.
It is lightweight and fits nicely in my purse. Light is just right for bed reading. Works well in sunlight.
Very happy customer. My daughter loves using this.
i just love every thing about it. Its awesome to read
I have two Kindle Fire tablets, both the 2012 and 2014 versions so I'm rather familiar with them and how they work. For my son's 7th birthday, he asked for a new tablet. He'd been using Leap Pads for the past few years, but was also used to using one of mine when needed. I debated back and forth between this version and the Kids Edition. In the end, I chose this one. In having a kids profile set up on the Kindle, all auto-pay turned off, and being able to decide which apps I put onto his profile, I felt this was a better option. The tablet is quick, good size for his hands, and has enough memory for any of the apps and books I want to put on it for him. We found an awesome case to protect it. For the price, I don't think you could get any other tablet. I am very happy with my choice and will likely continue to choose Kindle products.
Just perfect. Thank you!!
Great product."You tube" how much you can do with this box.
Easy to read and set up. Enjoy the ability to read with the back light.
Very nice to have in the kitchen/living room area Just ask what the weather is The time Play music The news Turn lights on Works great!
This kindle is a great product and very useful. It was reasonably priced.
this is my second kindle. I would be lost without it. It is so convenient to just throw in my purse and take it along wherever I go. I love it.
A great tablet to read books on Amazon for prime members.
Nice product i can save my cell phone battery by using my tablet and search the web take pictures and more.
I love this box. Better than the firestick by far.
I didn't expect a lot at this price, but I also did not expect both of my tablets to be riddled with dead/stuck pixels right out of the box. I have a third arriving in the mail and am just praying that I am at least good for 1/3. Waiting on its arrival before doing the trip for return/replacement just in case that one needs to go as well. Maybe just bad luck, but definitely worth noting for anyone who may also be inconvenienced by having to do a return.Everything else seems good though when you can look past the display issues, but may be worth waiting until these defective lots have been disbursed and the issues have been corrected.I am sure if you don't have these display issues that the product deserves more than 2 stars, but if you can see things from my perspective it is kind of difficult to recommend this to anyone for the time being. If the display did not have these pixel issues I could see this easily being a 4 Star recommendation. If you do a little research you will see that there are definitely some lot numbers that are more problematic than others, so this is not just a rare incident. If it is for you and you plan to grab one from a brick and mortar location, do yourself a favor and just boot it up before you drive home. :)
We had the Amazon FireTV stick but it was VERY slow and tended to freeze up now and then in the middle of high-definition movies. So, I asked the Best Buy sales person if I would see an improvement with the FireTV box, and he said yes. Sure enough, he was correct. It is SO much better. We are enjoying this product much better than the stick version. It's worth spending the extra money.
Great price and lots of free apps! Definitely happy I purchased it!
Great purchase for the money! I really just use it for Facebook and games.
my 7" wore out,my 8" is much better,allthough the covers are expensive and screen protectors are hard to find. the battery life is exceptional !
I have yet to use it as I do not know how. I need help!
My 5 and 8 year olds love these tablets. They are able to play age appropriate content. Tablet seems well powered and the case is providing good protection.
Performs much better than the TV Fire Stick gen1 and still able to side load Android apps APK. We were able to load some international apks that allows us to stream TV shows from different countries onto the Fire TV.We could do this with the fire stick to, but occasionally the stream would hang.Not sure if the improved performance is due to upgraded CPU and RAM, or with wired (ethernet) connection (instead of wifi) or both. I got the gen2 TV stick, and even that appear to be performing better. So maybe its more of a upgraded CPU.None of her TV shows have chocked and requires restart yet.
you will never be lonely again she talks to you and answers questions she can read your kindle books too and tell you the weather she will tell you jokes she is well worth the money also play music from your library and ihart radio and much more things
it's a great product to stream all your favorites.
Great for games and reading. Price was great. Great battery life. Well worth the money.
My new Kindle is an upgrade from my 7 year old Kindle Fire. As to be expected the video quality is better along with faster performance and more features. I still use my old Kindle as it is still ticking but the "shiny new toy" is fun.
Easy to useIt was a Christmas gift and I had to buy one for myself too , after I realized I could do so much on those tablets. Can fit in my purse too!
Great for my little kids to play and be occupy while i cook.
Had a firestick previously this is far superior. Like this a lot more then the basic new firestick and bestbuy got it to me within 2 days when everyone else was sold out
I use this product all the time. The screen is great and the ads aren't obtrusive at all. It has great battery life. You can send it books as well with the Send to Kindle application available at Amazon.
This product works as advertised. Was very skeptical at first, but am happy with my purchase.
Easy to use, fast, sleek and battery holds good charge , happy with it
I was somewhat disappointed to discover Alexa could not seem to answer what I thought were fairly simple questions (mileage distance between locations, etc.). Additionally, I was not comfortable upon discovering the product constantly recorded conversations.
We really enjoy Echo , Alexa is quick with our request . I only wish she had more information like Google.
My daughter had her 8" Kindle Fire HD stolen earlier this year so when we saw this one on sell over the Thanksgiving holiday it was a no brainier to purchase it since it was $100 cheaper than the Fire we purchased a year ago, granted the Fire HD has a much crispier screen but for my 9 year old daughter, she is now happy just to have a tablet again. And it can do all the things she needs it to do: read books, play games, skype, etc.
Great for a beginner. My son used it like a pro. .
I am not a "techie" but I love the Kindle Fire. It is easy to use and of high quality. It is an amazing value compared to other readers.
I need a sound system for a bbq party...it was just perfect for the party. Provided great background music! Powerful lil bugger!
I like the tablet for ease of use. It's a little slow in my opinion. Battery is good
I got this as a Deal of the Day for use as an utility tablet. It has good performance and a great display. It's very good as a reader.
Only reason for not giving 5 stars is that there's no separate profiles yet.
What I like most about this device is how smooth it operates. I used to have a Roku stick and experience lag times, and constantly had to restart this device.It has a ton of apps that I use. I would like to see them add ABC go, but I'm satisfied with the variety that is offered.
This is the greatest reader! Its super light weight, fast at downloading books and very user friendly. I have charged it once in the 2 months I have had it. Excellent battery life.
Definitely, one of the best connected home devices ! Very practical and accessible! I have one in each room !
Great Price Great product. Great sound for such a small system
I love the Amazon Echo. It has great sound for playing music and I use it every day!!
Great tablet but apps limited comparison of other tablets.
Gave this as an early bday gift for a friend that hooked me on eReaders. The improvements to the time it holds a charge and screen size are awesome!
Great except it offers no mirroring or airplay support
The was an excellent Christmas gift for my son. It does everything he needs.
Amazon EchoPros:1.Amazing speakers and voice recognition. I can be 30 plus feet away and communicate with the Echo.2. Speaker system in the unit is much nicer then anticipated. I compare it with the UEBoom device.3. The Amazon Echo App is very easy to manage and add in different functions to access. So many different programed commands with the unit that you will not even know where to begin.4. The design of the unit is very nice. Solid from top to bottom. Quick summary of pros:If you are looking for a unit to respond quickly to the weather, playlists, talk radio, and reading of non-audio books back to you. You will love this unit. I was not a believer prior to purchasing the device. Alexa is much more then just a novelty. Cons:1. The amazon Echo is stationary. If you unplug the unit you have to take the cable with you to plug the unit in the new place. So if you want the unit on a deck or a back yard table make sure you have an extension cord or an outdoor plug.2. If you don't subscribe to Amazon Prime then half of the units greatest options are nonexistent. With Amazon prime you can establish or use preexisting playlist from the Amazon music store. Also, if you have books you have purchased through amazon kindle app you can pull up those books on the Echo and have them played back to you. You can use Spotify as a secondary option but it require addition work on your part to set up playlists.3. The voice commands are clumsy. What I mean by this is; you have to ask the question exactly like it says in the echo app. Some examples are, "Alexa, What is the weather like in Manchester England?", "Alexa, ask PGA tour for the round leader.", or "Alexa play the best of the 90's play list from Amazon Music?". If you miss the ask blank. She will come back with I don't understand the question. Cons summary:These may not seem to be a big deal but not having prime or not remembering the commands exactly will limit the Echo's capacity. The unit is meant to simply your life not make if more difficult for you to remember robotic questions. Overall;If you have or plan to subscribe to Amazon Prime, then this unit will provide you with some very nice simple moments. My family does and the Echo is used everyday from playing music from amazon prime, to finding out the weather, to seeing if our commute to work has any traffic to worry about. If 179.99 is not a lot of money to you for a more hands free toy. Then this is the unit for you.I hope this helps.
This review is more of a guide for cablecutters, which we have found fire TV a great way to accomplish this. There's plenty of reviews explaining how to use the fire, so this is more for people like us who don't want to pay full cable prices but are ok with paying for access to apps to still watch all our cable shows, at a significant savings to cable, and are used to using a dvr (we used tivo) and don't want to watch commercials. We've had this box for a couple weeks now, and while it has taken some getting used to, since you have to access your shows through individual apps instead of them all being on one big list, we have found it worthwhile to make the switch.Keep in mind you have to be able to plug an hdmi cord into your tv. We actually had to buy a new tv to be able to use this box but tvs are so cheap nowadays that it was still cheaper to buy a new one than to keep up with our cable bill. The savings in just the first several of months covered the cost of the tv. The interface on the fire tv is really easy to use and navigate through all the apps you wish to use and everything is kept nice and organized. We got the box instead of the stick because we wanted to have a more reliable, faster wired connection to our internet. At first I was sad to read on other reviews that the voice control doesn't work on any of the apps, but honestly I've never even used it once since getting it and once you sign into everything, there's not much need of typing to find your shows on other apps so I really don't miss it at all. If you just want this to watch prime tv included in your amazon subscription then you can stop here, the rest is about what apps we use (and pay for) to watch our shows. I will list what apps we have found useful and what we found we could do without.Read more
My order was sent to quickly and had precisely what I asked. I will order by these means in the future.
Using for Pandora in an office setting. Set up with older system and speaker system - works great.
Excellent product!!! Excellent product!!! Excellent product!!! A+A+A+
This thing is awesome . Couldn't be happier !!!! ?
I like the way parents control what thier child and what programs they see or use
Love how this works, 5 year old gets around great on her own
This was bought for toys for tots. Everyone always buys for the younger kids but forget that here are pre-teens and teenagers too!
The receiver seems pleased and enjoys it. would buy.
He loves his kindle takes it everywhere. does school work on it plus plays games Excellent piece of equipment.
We really love our Echo. We have so much fun playing around with her.
This Tablet is amazing in low budget which has all good stuffs like dual camera, memory and free Amazon underground application
I had the old Version of the Kindle and loved it. But now that I have the Paperwhite, i realize what a good decision it was to trade up. The contrast is like reading a real book and it doesn't hurt your eyes to read it for a long time.
This is a great product..and best buy makes it easy.I cant think of any other product that can fullfill the purpose of my use..Awesome
Amazon TV is a great streaming devise and it has voice control.The Fire TV also streams in 4k
Great product for the money and a newbie who has never used a tablet
I absolutely LOVE my Amazon TAP. It in my opinion is the best blue-tooth speaker around and with the added skills when on wifi, the TAP is better than the Echo! Portable - YES! Sound Quality - OFF THE CHARTS! I blue-tooth this to my computer and listen to movies with GREAT Dolby sound quality. The battery life has been tested during a camping trip. 8 hours and it kept the charge! It's also easy to recharge it without the stand. Very Cool. BEST BUY's PRICE made it ALL THE BEST BUY OF THE CHRISTMAS SEASON! I picked up the item same day at a local Best Buy. The Experience was 1 - 2 - DONE. Very convenient, very helpful. I would recommend this to ALL my friends!!!
Better than I anticipated! Has great sound when playing music.
Alexa is a wonderful addition to the technology in the home. "Ask Alexa and you shall receive an answer. From weather to sports scores, you will get the scoop.
The unit works well. The camera is not super High Resolution, but it is great to have front and rear cams. Access to lots of apps and email. It's nice to have the extra tablet around the house, and for $35?Child, please. Even at $50, it is a solid value.
My first Kindle must have been defective as it was overheating. Because I bought it at Best Buy (and their return time was over) and not from the company all they would do for me was give me a discount on a second one. I finally accepted and the second one has worked perfectly. This is a good option for a cheap tablet.
We purchased the tablet for our mom's 63rd birthday and she loves it!!! She had absolutely no problems when it came to the initial setup. Our mom has been reading books, listening to music, ordering items through the mail and watching videos like a pro. We couldn't have gotten her a better gift!!!
Easy to use and works great. Able to watch all the things I love.
Make sure that you get it soon. They sell out fast!
I already have an Amazon Fire Stick and wanted another. I decided to try the Amazon TV. I can say it is much faster in loading both games and shows.
This fire TV is really awesome for viewing content the Amazon video is really great and has lots of content
Cool little gadget.. can say what I want to ask and for the most part responds correctly... every now and then though it starts talking without even asking it something.
The fire tv has been a great upgrade over our 1st gen fire stick. Very much appreciate the 4K streaming abilities.
if you are a college student or just want to go and cut off your primary cable to save money go for it. It will have a little getting use to and everything isn't as clear as you would want it to be but it is definitely due able for watching tv shows and movies....
Great price. Easy access to apps. Simply love it!!
My kid loves this thing. Everything is easy to download and easily accessible for my 5 year old. Also pretty fun for myself if l can ever get ahold of it from her. Lol.
I do like the portability of my Tap. You do lose some features from the Echo - like speaking to it from across the room. But i'm happy with it and it has good sound. great to take out by the pool!
The pleasure of using this product in both my office and living areas can only be described as pleasant and convenient because of the ease of operation and the luxury of having voice activated commands to help you during a busy day.
Purchased a replacement Kindle for my Father in Law
I can't get my tablet to set the time so I haven't been able to even use it a little disappointed with this purchase no instructions came with it!!
Good tablet, well made. The screen is not HD which makes some text look pixelated and not as crisp as you would expect. Great for simple reading.
Bought this for a Christmas gift. Have heard good things about them and it was a recommended buy.
Works great and am enjoying it daily. I would buy another unit anytime.
Great all around product. Sleek and does its job, since purchased I haven't looked back
I purchased this item during the Black Friday at Best Buy, not only was it dirt cheap at the time of the purchase, But my kids also love it as well. The great thing is that I am also able to monitor what they download and purchase without me having to get the tablet.
got one for me and for my older daughter. love it a lot
I bought this for my 9 year old and it is perfect for reading books and playing games. My only disappointment is with kindle because if I put him as I child under my account he has access to my books, which I do not want to happen. I had to create an account just for him.
We love our Amazon Fire TV. It is fast and runs Netflix with no lag or stops. Super happy with it in all aspects.
This product is great for kids! Not so expensive or fragile that you have to be super careful with it but great for the basics!
Wasn't sure if my non-techie family member would get much use out of this, but still gave it to them as a birthday gift. I was so wrong to underestimate how much they would enjoy this product. They can't stop raving about it. They loved it so much that they also bought the echo dot to use in their bedroom. They like how simple and easy this is to setup and use.
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet that would be fast, cheap, and do simple things as reading, internet, and music. So far it's been great and on top of it Amazon released an update that adds Alexa to the tablet, so now you can ask questions to it, do notes, ask her to order you items, and also get her to play music from Pandora, Spotify, etc. Great buy!
Amazon Tap is awesome. Seems to do everything the Echo does for a lesser price.
I love that I can check my text from my watch, rather than pulling my phone out at inappropriate times. It helps me stay organized. There are so many features that are helpful. I reviewed the Apple Watch and I'm glad I choose this one instead, even though I have an iPhone, this watch works for all my needs.
Bought one for myself and then purchased two more for my grandsons. Great price.
Only wish games worked without internet once downloaded
Perfect for my home and all other connected products.Lots of integration.Bought this after returning GoogleHome, and am very happy with it.
Nice product and a good companion for anyone who need to be entertained.
Amazon should improve the quality of the speaker. .
bright screen which makes reading it day or night easy
Good as a reader. Decent tablet for price. After a few months battery drains quickly.
The amazon echo comes in very handy around the house for myself and the grand kids its and excellent device to have around for questions alarms music also weather
This system is very informative and fun! My daughter's and grand daughter enjoy. Requesting music selections to listen to.
I absolutely love this device. Makes my life so much easier.
Bought it for my son, he was very please with it !!
I'm glad I bought this, it's super fast, faster than the stick and the picture quality is amazing.
Work well with my televisions. I am pleased with this product.
Works exactly as I hoped and have had no issues. There is virtually every app you might need available to you.
I bought it it works. What's else do you want. Yes I would get another one if needed
Great addition to the TV! Quick plug and play and very easy to use!!!
this is a really nice e-book reader. Nice white screen, easy to read and operate. For the price I am not sure you can beat this.
This little tablet was a great purchase. My kids used it on a long trip, and they mostly watched videos and played games. The screen is pretty poor compared to higher-end models, but it's pretty great for the price. There are certainly superior tablets out there, but if you need a cheap tablet, this is certainly worthy of 5-stars for the class. The operating system, the touch screen, and the screen quality themselves are drastically lower-quality than a Surface, iPad, or Galaxy Tablet, but so is the price. So as long as you aren't expecting this device to rival an iPad retina screen, you should be pleased.
My kids enjoy reading and watching videos on it - good color
bought several of these again this year for the family as stocking stuffers, best buy had them on sale for $33 ea I can't really dis this tablet it works as intended and keeps the kids entertained. only real con is that you can't cast netflix or youtube. it will only cast Amazon related services, but I have heard that there is a workaround to get it to work. Amazon please release casting features for all services not just yours.
Great little tablet. It was a little difficult to learn how to navigate through different apps at first, but overall very pleased!!
So far this tablet has been efficient. It kinda bad is difficult to use and it seems to require a lot of steps to get the kids profiles set up and it actually does not do everything I hoped it would.
This is my second Kindle and I love it! It's so convenient to be able to carry around hundreds of books without the bulk and weight of literally carrying around hundreds of books. I just wish I could have bought accessories at Best Buy. Also, the sales rep knew nothing about the devices and had to 'Goggle' info on her phone.
I got this for my mom to use as her "computer" and I am so happy with it. It's ease of use and ability to store pics for my mom is a big plus. Thanks !!!!
This was the perfect gift to my wife when she felt she needs to start reading now
Like that downloading books is fast. I am still learning features and have not explored other positives featured.
Love the echo!!! We use it for weather, pandora, an alarm amongst other things. We plan to purchase others!
The tablet is easy to set up and easy to use. Great tablet for family use.
I bought this for my four year old nephew. He is enjoying it.
Such a great deal for a small fee, just right for a toddler of three.
This was a great tablet for a child and even adults.
I prefer the deficated e-readers to tablets for reading. I have both this Paoerwhite and a current-gen Nook Glow Light. I really like the Glow Light — especially its rugged construction — and I still use it, but the Paperwhite is better.The Glow Light has no bevel and a touch-sensitive button on the front. This means I am constantantly turning the page or returing to the home screen by accident. It's very annoying, and I have a hard time finding a comfortable way to hold it. It seems like I'm always thinking about where my fingers are. I do not have this problem at all on the Paperwhite.The Paperwhite is a great little reader for the money. I would definitely buy another.
overalls a great price and good processor for personal use. Great for small children value and size.
Could answer weather questions but struggled to answer anything else. Bought it for my father who is blind. Bing search engine terrible.
We bought one for my son and he liked it so much we bought another one for my other son. We did upgrade to the 8 inch screen.
For the price this is perfect. I read books, search the web, watch Netflix. It's not an iPad but for the price it is amazing!
Works very well! Love my kindle!
I bought this product as a gift for my son. He really likes it a lot.
So far it is working well, it does answer some questions, but not as far advanced as your I Phone does yet, however I have confidence that the Echo will be be continually learning as Amazon upgrades it.
I purchased two of these as Christmas presents for my children. I had been researching child friendly tablets with robust controls to keep them away from undesirable content. I found the 7" Fire Kids Edition, but after looking over the specs and reviews, I found myself unsure of it. I was mostly interested in the FreeTime application, so I did some research on that and found that it was available on other Fire models also. I came across the new Fire HD8, which had more power, a better screen, and far better battery life at a very affordable price point. I gave them a shot and I'm glad I did.I have the Fire HD8's locked into FreeTime mode, so the only activities that can be done are ones that I approve of, but if I want to, I can pick up either of them and unlock them to access Netflix/Amazon Prime or anything else I desire. I currently have reading goals set up that they must achieve before they are able to access videos or games, and those are limited to X amount of time per day. FreeTime also has a bedtime feature which disables/enables the use of the tablets during designated times, which is amazing.The hardware itself is exceptional. The screen resolution is excellent, it's very responsive, and the battery life is spectacular! They advertise up to 12 hours of battery life, and depending on screen brightness, ours last almost that long regularly. The only con I can think of is that the cameras are sub-par, but that's not what I purchased the tablets for, so it's a non-issue for myself.Some of the reviews I read cited that the internal storage was easily filled with FreeTime content, so I installed 128GB SD cards in them. I also purchased some rugged children's cases for them off of Amazon.This is probably one of the best purchases I have made in a long time. The sound of silent children reading all day is priceless!!!
Seems fast with plenty of storage space, bought it for my 9 year old grandson and he loves it
We bought 3 of these for our kids and they love them. Nice prenatal features to limit use and restrict content in the Amazon eco system. Build quality seems good. Glad we choose these over the cheaper brand that was only a few bucks less.
Easy to connect and set up. Provides access to a lot of media. Alexa works great!
If you love the idea of having all your books in the same place, at all times. you should get an Amazon Fire. I purchased this tablet for my Fiancé because he reads tons of books. Now he doesn't have to remember where his books are, because he can now have them at all times on one device!
It meet my expectations. It performs well compared to other tables. I am very satisfied with the product and it quality. Lastly, it worth the price I paid for.
My wife has used a Kindle Fire for years now and it was time to upgrade her. This device went on sale right before Mother's Day and I knew it was time to upgrade her 3 year old device. I picked a color and ordered and delivery to the store and pickup was just in time for the weekend. Overall, great product and great service from Best Buy for getting it to me in time.
Very happy with product. It's a miniature lap top.
I bought a generic one over internet and it sucked so I decided to use this one instead and the performance of this is really awesome, and the Alexa helps a lot to avoid type writing.
I love this product it is so easy to use It has a clear picture
This is an excellent product at a great price. Shipping was great and got here really quick. Product itself is incredible and makes reading very easy and comfortable. Easy on eyes whether in the dark or in bright sunlight.
I love my Amazon Fire Tablet so much that I purchased one for all my kids and my 78 year old mother as well. She has never used a tablet and it was easy enough for her to figure out and she uses it everyday!
Love the size and it capabilities! Was a great gift for my daughter!
With skills too numerous to count, and more being added all of the time, the Amazon Echo is the most useful and used electronic in my house. The sound quality is excellent. Alexa always answers when I call, does what I ask, is always pleasant, and never asks for money! My new best friend!
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
I went in to buy my 88 year old Dad an Amazon Fire book reader....The customer service from the begining was great!. An Associate immediately approached me, showed me several models, with explaining them all. After picking one. I was then told of the "free shipping" of which i did utilize. My dad received within a couple of days , on his birthday, and was able to go to his local Best Buy, and have an Assocate show/explain how to use. He was sooo excited and pleased with the item and service....and so am I. Also, the price was right tooo!
overall i like echo.. i just wish opening apps was a bit easier. maybe i read the directions wrong. but i suppose with time it will get better. i hope i dont have to buy a new one in 5 years cuz i dont play "keep'n up w'em joneses".
We love this tablet. I bought it for my 4 and 6 year old daughters for Christmas. They have been able to used them with ease.
Purchased this for my 5 yr old son. I had previously purchased 2 other tablets for him (both different brands) and they both went out within a year. He loves his tablet. He is able to play his ABC mouse and watch Netflix. Easy for him to navigate. I am going to purchase the 16g for myself.
This product is perfect for reading alongside my computer while I type.
I thank it sAid liStin to us a little batter
Needed something that I could read at night without using a light. The backlight is perfect.
go for a google if you want proper answers to any of your questions.!
Great value and quality speaker that also connects to the information highway.
If reading is what you do the most with your tablet, this is good choice!
Ive always used apple devices, but this little gadget is full of surprises
If you have amazon prime membership, I would suggest this device, also not, the remote has access to alexa, so there is more possibilities for using it with smart home devices
Quite satisfied overall with the fire tablet. For the price I ended up getting it for, there's no arguement. It's got everything I could ask for, I'd recommend it.
This is a great little tablet to travel with. It has all we needed to read play games, and watch videos on layovers. And at $36 it was a cannot miss.
Easy to install and easy to use. I bought the white one, matches my floor, so it looks perfect. I love the sound quality and the many things Alexa can help you out all day. Weather, music, read books, the news, etc... I like to multi task and not having to stop something I'm doing to play a new song or find out what's the time in Barcelona is super helpful. I just use my voice to ask Alexa. Simple as that. I'm handling my cell phone much less and I love that.
Great for reading books.Screen easy to read with no glare.
This item is very functional. I am beyond pleased.
Can't beat this product for the price. Good screen quality and decent speed. Cameras aren't that great but it's not really for pictures. Overall, a great product!
I am in love with the tablet. It is a perfect tablet for me to use at home and on the road for basic internet tasks. I am able to download apps and also use it as a reader. I love it!
There's a lot of growing functionality with this product. I have a Philips Hue setup in my home, and it's nice to just ask for a certain lamp or set of lamps to turn on, off, dim or brighten. Saves me a trip to the lightswitch!The bluetooth speaker functionality seems spotty, as I have it connecting to my PC and it will arbitrarily disconnect, whereas other bluetooth speakers within about the same radius will connect and stay on.Aside from that, it's rather like having your phone handy and constantly listening to you, so you need not pull it out and ask for your appointments (or make them), and other things you might be used to doing with the Google Voice feature (or Siri).
Amazon echo is pretty cool. I'm a gadget guy so I enjoy technology like this. Alexa reads the news, weather, turns my lights on and off, plays music, makes shopping lists, etc. My only complaint is that to make a shopping list, you have to keep saying Alexa..."Alexa, add milk to the shopping list." "Alexa, add bread to the shopping list." "Alexa, add rice to the shopping list." And so on. So if you have to make a long list, it's a little tedious, but overall, I really like her.
Not happy that the product had no instruction book to go with it to help set it up. Not a big fan of the online tutorial. Had a really hard time in powering it off. Camera setting did not take very good pictures. DID NOT LIKE THE MULTIPLE ADS ON IT EVERY TIME I USED IT. FINALLY IT LOCKED UP ON ME AND I HAD A HARD TIME GETTING IT TO GO TO SETTINGS SO I COULD DO ANYTHING WITH IT. Probably will be returning this product to Best Buy.
Works great and is a must have for cord cutters. I switch from an AppleTV and couldn't be happier. Interface is easy to use, processor is "snappy", and there is a large list of apps for it.
Went back and forth between this and the Oasis but in the end just couldn't justify the added cost. So far I'm happy with this model.
Enjoy not having to look up everything on the internet or my phone. Unique. Haven't learned all it can do yet. Interesting.
The Amazon Fire is a great way to watch movies tv shows and sports. I connect directly to my router in my opinion works a lot better than WI-Fi.
This refrigerator is absolutely terrific. The Features are very well thought out. It works well for a mom who is into healthy eating with plenty of space and for kids with their own drawer for snacks and beverages. It's attractive, too!
Great way to get info quickly and it's so easy to use
Bought this specifically to take to the beach and it was perfect!! Light weight & portable!!
Very good value and easy to use. Wife loves it much better than using phone for her apps.
love it. does what it does extremely well. The fastest box i own and I've owned them all.
Use it often for alarm and music .Would recommend for everyone
My wife reads a ton, she uses it everyday. She's owned others and this is by far the best.
awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome
I love my fireTV! We have a firestick in every room and added the firetv box to our new 4k TV. Awesome
Purchased due to reviews and in sale. So far easy to use.
I purchased the tablet as a gift for my children. It was very cost effective and works great for their needs.
Exelent shoppin, good product, great price, much better than some that cost up to 100 dollars.
purchased for grandchildren easy to use they love it
THERE IS SO MUCH THIS THING CAN DO....I HAVENT EVEN SCRATCHED THE SURFACE.....I TRULY ENJOY THE ABILITY TO SEARCH FOR MUSIC WHILE I COOK....JUST HEAVENLY......SHES GREAT!
I am happy I decided to go with buying the Firebox I'd first decided to buy a fire stick until I had read more about Firebox and all the other operations it has functionality it has compared to the fire stick it was a no-brainer.
This was a Christmas present for my niece, she loved it.
This product is a lifesaver, the quality is excellent and is not difficult at all to setup and use. The abundance of apps you can install is great and it has become a staple in my family!
Mostly good for shopping lists and listening to music getting game scores etc. Hopefully will have real search functions in the future. Easy setup. Phone app
Kindle Oasis is phenomenal... It is portable size so it fits almost anywhere when I travel, the book-like screen doesn't bother my eyes after long periods of time of reading, I can modify the font and size to my wants and needs, you can conveniently connect to your Goodreads account to view your bookshelves and all of my purchases sync perfectly. The color Merlot is beautiful and I've had it for three months and traveled with it and there have been no damages. The battery life is so long I have only charged it three times since owning it and I read anywhere from 3-5 hours a day. Completely user friendly.
Good product for the price. Obviously it is not as simple to use as iPad or galaxy but still a great option for those who don't want to break the bank
Good for convenience when other devices are tied up, but the keyboard lags a little slower than I would like.
Speaker is pretty loud and I love that I can take with me but the only downside is you have to hold the "home" button to use Alexa
My brother bought this for me as a Christmas gift and I'm in love. I've already read 6 books because of the ease in which I can read my books anywhere, anytime. I don't need wifi, the battery lasts forever (seriously. I've charged it once since I've owned it and I've read 6 books!) The lighting feature allows me to read at night in bed once my husband has already fallen asleep. I love this Kindle SO MUCH!
I got this for my kids and they love it its not slow very fast easy to use user friendly
Great price of 89 dollars on a great tablet. It is very fast at everything accept game play. For example it plays asphalt 8 and the game is just barely playable. The graphics struggle on this tablet with higher graphic games. Also it is a Amazon tablet with no Google play store but you can load Google play on to it. There are great you tube videos on how to put Google play on a amazon tablet. The screen is good as long as the sun isn't hitting it. The stereo speakers sound great and loud. All in all I really liked the tablet for the price but I really like to play games with good graphic quality. So that being said I did return this tablet and ordered the Nvidia Shield 8 inch tablet through Best Buy for 199 dollars. I got the Shield a week ago and WOW!! What a difference in graphic gaming quality. This thing is just as good as an Xbox1 or ps4. The Nvidia Shield tablet is simply unbelievable for the price of 199 considering the Apple or Samsung tablets that are as fast as this tablet are at least twice the cost. Plus this dubbles as a gaming console for xbox or pc games with 4k out to you tv. The Amazon tablet is also a great tablet for normal usage but if your a gamer like me the Nvidia tablet is the tablet of choice hands down period!! I don't know why bbuy kind of hides the Nvidia tab only on their website and doesn't sell it in the store. If they displayed it in the store. This would outsell the Apple or Samsung tablets. I hope this helps thanks.
Can't beat the price on this tablet. It greatly serves its purpose, I bought it for my kids to read. They love it!
Wow, so impressed with this new kindle. Its replacing my 3rd generation kindle and its so much easier on my eyes. Also love the size, weight of the unit. Very pleased with this purchase.
Love love love my kindle. It was so affordable & has such great visual quality! I bought this smaller device so I could take it with me and watch my shows. It's great & would buy again. Love this AMAZON Kindle
Bought this for my grandson, fits his hands just right. Love that i could buy and sdcard to enlarge the memory. He loves it.
In my personal opinion, this product would be unable to satisify any adult, whether it was for business or pleasure. Limited apps, limited space, slow uploading, etc. Also, due to this being an amazon product, many apps and options are unavailable, that are commonly used with both android and apple products. So I would not recommend to anyone.
i was very impressed with my Amazon Fire 7 Tablet - very good!!!!
If you are up in the air between the two (fire stick and fire TV) go with the TV due to the speed alone.. The memory is also nice but you will have a more enjoyable experience with the fire TV. I have them both in my house but prefer the Fire TV...
She is my companion. Talk to her about music, news and current events. She is lots of fun
So far so good,no problems and would recommend to everyone. Has crisp clear pictures and easy to navigate around without help or instruction manual.
way faster then the firesticks better wifi and comes with voice remote
I would recommend anyone buy this product., just awesome.
This is a good tablet for the price. I dont have a lot of apps. I use more for reading and watch videos. I think is a good deal.
I love the Echo's ease of checking the weather and traffic in the morning by simply speaking a question! Not having to browse channels on the tv or sites on the Internet saves me time and gets me out the door much quicker each day.
Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
I can use my tablet all time and your conecctions is very good
I wanted a small tablet for reading books, checking email, reading the news and going on Facebook. It works great, and is much less expensive than an iPad.
First time user - had no problem getting started - must have internet connection and know name and password for wi-fi
My son liked it very much. He's able to read a lot of books online now.
Way faster than the fire stick. I hook up to my Garage TV to watch live boxing from the ShowTime app. Plus many more apps. Have Prime subscription but not necessary in my opinion.
Purchased this on Black Friday. Clear screen and just the right size for toddlers to use.
Needed a tough little tablet for my grandson. Had it a couple of months and has held up very well.
Siri is great but Alexa takes hints up a notch. I have gotten Philips Hue bulbs and love that I can control lights throughout my house by just asking Alexa to manage them.
It was nice for a 8year old she will be using it when we go on our family vacation this July. She was very happy to see it for Christmas. I did have to exchange the original one because It was broken when we purchased it. Took it back to best buy got a Brand new one . And didn't have any more problems.
This gift was a stocking stuffer. For the price, I paid, wonderful. The recipient loved it! :)
Its amazing, super fast in response and will provide access to all your amazon content. If you are a prime member this is a must IMO!!
It's a lot of fun to use with everyone in the family
First rate - high quality!
Great little speaker and love the free month of Amazon unlimited
very interesting device, but having to touch button is a pain sometimes.if that would bother you, then go with Echo.
I love my new kindle. It is everything that I want. My only concern was that the store didn't carry the right case or the screen protector.
Got this so I could stream sling tv and get away from huge satellite bills. Works well and can stream everything I want. Just wish I had better internet provider.
The Amazon FireTV is an easy to install device. You can view so much content; and the apps are a plus. Become an Amazon Prime member and you will enjoy much more content.
Great product just couldn't get my international chanels
Easy to use and the large screen has wonderfully clear picture.
My review is not a review of the device as much as my opinion on which product to choose when trying to decide between this and Google home.Google home is the closest competition in this landscape and its still lacking in comparison to Alexa.All of the interesting features of Google home are non existent or slowly being released. Using these features as a selling point is disingenuous.More than that Google home constantly has trouble detecting my voice and doing any of the assistant commands. In the same environment the echo dot with budget hardware had better success rate. When it did detect it the time to action was x2 as long as Google home is much more "chatty".
I've owned a fire stick, chromecast, Apple TV and Roku, This is by far my favorite device for cutting cords!
Paperwhite excels while reading on sunlight - like beach etc. I strongly recommend it
Fire TV out of the box is great but by adding protocols and search engines available on-line, you can turn your Fire TV into a dynamic and constantly evolving device that can find and play virtually any television show or movie that is available from anywhere in the world. It's especially good as a base platform for steaming services like Netflix, You Tube, etc.
I bought the tablet and it is very nice. I really like the night time mode to use before bed so you can still sleep.
I use this speaker to play Pandora stations, to give weather and news updates. Wish I could access my calendar on iCloud.
I love this thing: it's the perfect addition to my IOT smart home devices!
Good starter product for someone. If you use this a lot, the 8G is not big enough.
Alexa features work great. Sound is very good for a small, portable speaker. The whole family enjoys interacting with Alexa. Mostly used for playing music. Wireless was easy to connect. Recommended.
I bought this on impulse because I had heard great things about it. I have a variety of automated home devices, such as Philips Hue bulbs, and wanted to see if the Echo would help me control everything.I now use the Echo all the time for lights, alarms, and daily news. The best part of the Echo is its ability to recognize multiple voices at different volumes. My parents also use it and have been considering getting one for their home!The best app to use with Alexa is IFTTT. You can have IFTTT add things to Google lists and calendars, trigger find your phone, create custom light settings for smart bulbs, and even set up an emergency trigger to text a loved one in an emergency. These features are all great for me since I live by myself. I definitely feel more secure being able to contact help if something should ever happen. Echo skills also expand the use of Alexa by adding trivia games, recipe apps, and searching for hotels, flights, and movies. One of my favorites is Milo, which allows you to search for movies or tv and find where it is offered on multiple services like Netflix, Hulu, etc.The only downside I have found is you have to be very specific with some commands, such as which music service you want to access or triggering IFTTT. But Amazon has recently updated the Alexa settings with the ability to change Spotify to your default music player, so a lot of the specificity is no longer needed!If you have connected home devices or live by yourself I would definitely recommend the Echo! I have had no issues with it and it helps me everyday!
Very decent tablet. I was skeptical at first but it's performance surprised me. Battery lasts a decent amount of time and connects beautifully into the Amazon ecosystem I already am in. Would recommend to anyone who likes to watch videos/browse the web on the go or for children.
I buy these as gifts for people , everyone love Alexa ! It's fun , get one
Incredible range. Clear sound. We bought the sleeve and hung it in the backyard for a party. Amazing 360 clear sound.
Its a beginner tablet. Not so great interface. I prefer larger size tablet
Having enjoyed Amazon Prime for several years, I thought to bring it to the next level when Alexa support came to the Amazon Fire TV. Complete access to all my Prime benefits, newest shows/movies, music and more! Screen mirroring works good too. Unfortunately I do not have much time to lounge around and use it more. Overall a good buy!
Nice to have device at home, kidding are loving it.
I just love my paperwhite! The size is small enough to fit in my purse and pull out whenever I have the time. The charge lasts forever, so I'm not always looking to plug in. I love that I can sit outside and read, or in bed at night, without light on to disturb husband. I belong to a book club, so it's nice to be able to add notes when I want to and to have the dictionary right there if needed. I can hook right onto Amazon, Goodreads or borrow from the library while sitting in bed. This is my first Kindle, so I don't have stuff to compare it to - but I sure love this one.
Terrific product. Clear sound. Plays great music. Very enjoyable.
Way better than fire stick. I needed more words and had nothing more to say.
I had ordered the Echo and from what I had read I did not think I would need the Remote. The Echo works great if you are in the same Room. I like to listen to Music while I am cooking, cleaning, or doing nothing. I always had to go back in the same room to where my Echo was to change or skip to the next Song if I wanted. With the Remote I can change it from any room. I just stick it in my Pocket and take it out when I want to switch, turn it down or up. Connects through Blue Tooth very quickly. Has a magnetic holder to keep the Remote on (mine is on my Desk Leg) to keep it when not in use. There is a Felt Pad on the back of the Magnetic Holder so that it will not scratch any surface that it is attached to. I love it!
I bought this because the package said it was a fast charger only to find it charges at normal speed... That was disappointing. I'm pretty sure I'm not doing anything wrong. It seems pretty self explanatory... :/
Bought this to cut the cable cord! Works better than I imagined, highly recommend it!
The display is even better than the paperwhite, I didn't think they could do that. The page buttons take a minute to get used to but I love them now.
The screen is too dark, and cannot adjust the brightness
Great system for streaming Playstation Vue service, very responsive, Alexa is a plus. Kudos Amazon!
I like the sleek design. This is good enough for me. Works as designed to be.
I actually bought for grandkids to use as they fight over iPad. they can each play abc mouse or nickjr. downloading apps is quick and easy with many to choose from. Sale price was awesome. I also plan to download apps for me as well as using for ebooks on vacation.
I bought this one for myself. It works fine. It is fantastic.
its a christmas gift so have not even opened it yet
Quality and packaging is nice.It's a Kindle USB charger, it works what more can I say.I also charge my Bluetooth earphones with this.
Bought 3 of these for Christmas presents and one for myself. Other than not allowing Crunchyroll app it does everything quite well! Internet, photo storing and editing, movies, email, games - great!! App store covers all the needs and mostly free! Love em!
Ready to buy another pleased with item overall easy to use
This is a very good product, the nice thing about this is I can turn lights on and off, the product integrates with wemo, also they are always improving on the echo.
My wife is really happy with this as it has the option to have the paper look or be backlit for reading in the dark! She got the white one and loves the fact it gets free books since e are Amazon prime members.
Grandson plays outside with it Love that it has the protected case Plays games with the other kids,
Has all of the functions of the expensive iPads and works great for fraction of the cost!!!
Got this for my husband for Christmas. He's not all that computer/electronics literate but he had no problems setting it up. We love asking her to tell us jokes! Great sound quality. Loved it so much we bought an Echo Dot too.
The tablet is okay.. my daughter uses it most of the time.
I bought it for my son and he loves it. For the price you can ' t beat it.
this item was on a hefty sale, bought two for work purposes. a bit slow and annoyed by the constant Amazon notifications / integrations but it will work for the purpose of check emails and viewing photos.
I wanted to find away to get rid of my extra cable boxes and that was it. It gives me even more than my smart devices.
This item is fantastic. Nice sound. Lots of things to use it for
I bought this as a gift for my elementary school aged niece. She immediately put it to work playing games and watching video. Her face lit up and in the nearly two months since I purchased it for her, she's had no problems!
This is a great amazon tablet for the people whoe just want to use it to read, browse the internet, or play games.
My grandson loves it! It's exactly what he needed. I'm very pleased with it, and so is he!
Kindle is easy to read. Really really like this kindle.
I am very happy to buy this product it's of vey less price and really useful for kids to learn new things
It is amazing what this Echo can do! I would recommend this for anyone!
I liked my Kindle fire better. Kindle Fire was easier to hold and easier to use.
Did multiple reviews before purchasing this tablet for my daughter. Very nice, works well and durable.
I love the Paperwhite and we have had Kindles in the house for years. This Paperwhite is as snappy as the Voyage and while it doesn't have that smooth glass screen, it also doesn't have the extra $100 or so price tag. It's a great piece of tech that often goes on sale. Get it when it does. It's well worth it.
Waited quite a while before buying this Kindle reaader. Weighed it heavily against an iPad. Talked to friends about their experiences with reeaders. The Kindle just seemed l8ike it would do the job I wanted much betterand the price was fantastic. I have beeen pleasantly surprised with what a Kindle can accomplish and how easy it is to use.
I purchase 6 i f these tablets for my grandchildren. I was very surprise Iof how great they are. I ordered one for myself. this is a great tablet!
Was over a friends house and they had one so I decided to get one. This is awesome.
This is truly a great product. I would recommend it everybody.
Bought them as gifts for my nephews, who are teenagers, and they love them. Obviously you cannot expect them to be as high quality as the $400-500 tablets, but for $35 on black Friday they will serve their purpose.
I watched the Echo on TV and also on Amazon. It has great features and you do not need to use your hands to do a command.
This has been a good tablet for my daughter to use for entertainment and for learning.
Very nice....some of the apps were hard to open at first...but had to play around with....love it now! Would definitely buy more again.
I purchased two. One for my wife and I for a trip to England. Easy to pack-stayed charged-readable in all lighting-we both like them.
My sister in-law recommended these to my wife and I and I thought I would try one. They are just the right size to lay in bed of a evening and read a good book for a while.
BestBuy was offering some discounts during Thanksgiving and this prompted me to buy. I was not an avid before and just casually bought this product. But I must admit, I am not at all disappointed with this. Works best with English books, does not work that well with native books. Also, this product is not backlit and does not have any option to increase the screen brightness and I would deduct 1 star for that. You need to install another product called Calibre in your computer to convert books to Kindle readable format (mobi). Kindle can also read PDF, but mobi format is better readable compared to Kindle.
I purchased this tablet on thanksgiving day when I was already in the store buying a new cell phone. It was on sale $59. I am very pleased with my purchase. I am already an Amazon prime member so it links up to my account. I am very happy with my purchase and recommended to my brother who bought the same day I did:)
Works better than what I expected. Able to surf the net and watch movies. The battery life and screen are awesome. Bought this for under 60 bucks and looking to buy more to give as a gift
Excellent except for the fact that after it automatically goes into sleep mode after thirty minutes of non-activity it is difficult to wake up.
Great tablet for Facebook, email, games and surfing the internet. Easy to set up.
Great for streaming...only complaint is the remote is clicky when pushing the buttons. Not good when trying to watch tv while others are sleeping.
One has to keep the price of this in mind. For just $40 you do indeed get a lot. It performs fairly well too for the most part. I didn't notice any lags or anything but the resolution isn't very high/good and it's not the best display if you plan on doing lots of reading. It's just fine for videos though.. The tablet has an overall cheap feel to it but then again have to keep the low price in mind.
The whole family likes talking to Alexa. It provides lots of tips, answers, songs, etc. Of course it gets much better after you train it and download more skills. Great product.
Great for my 5 year old because he can play anything on there without having to ask me to install. (In a previous tablet, he had to ask me to install games, videos, etc.. but that is no longer the case). Being able to set time limits is great as well. Don't have to worry about him spending too much time on the device. He understand that after the time limit has been reached, no more tablet time until the next day.
Easily stored very lightweight keeps me entertained
This item is perfect for my son. Now he has his own game system no more low battery for my phone. Price is the best part you can't go wrong with this choice . I am very satisfied .
The PaperWhite was the perfect upgrade to my older Kindle that required a light in order to read in low light conditions.
We love this device. I have the Echo, Echo Tap and the Echo Dot. As the updates arrive, each of the devices just get better and more useful. I love the AI easy access and versatility.
the only issue is the advertisement that Amazon put on the Kindle now, other than that great product, long lasting battery life.
This is a great product with many options for movies, games, music and much much more
The Amazon Echo is a wonderful addition to my house. I can listen to the music i like, when I want to. I am still learning about all of its other wonderful qualities.
I bought the Kindle Paperwhite as a gift for a 80 year old relative. The relative was very excited to get it and thoroughly enjoys using it.
This has to be the best of all Amazon products for the television... you can store more memory and the rom speed makes no lag time on any show ... after this i will never buy a fire stick again...
This tablet is AWESOME to say the least, however the charger port is faulty and does not work properly. I need a replacement for my granddaughter who absolutely LOVES this product, as well as my other two grandchildren. Their Kindle is a staple in their lives!
I really love my Amazon Echo. It respond to voice really well. It is constantly updating and getting better with more and more features. It can play music, tell jokes, control lights, etc. It is pretty awesome.
love it best purchase so far this year better than the wifi fire stick
Fire TV is where it's at in today's world! This little media streaming device fits in the palm of my hand but doesn't lack in the content available to my entertainment needs! No matter which one you subscribe to it's totally worth it! I'm actually thinking about cutting the cord on my cable? I couldn't be happier with this amazing little box!
Crystal clear screen. Easy to use. Reading for day/night excellent!
Long battery life, clear,crisp screen,lightweight and easy to hold. Compatible with Amazon's vast ecosystem of reading materials. Lose yourself in the book--- it is a joy to use.
Excellent overall quality fast easy to setup no hassel. Great amazon selection not to many updates good content. no lag amazing picture quality.
This is my second purchase of a Kindle Fire, an upgrade from the original, which failed due to unintentional very rough handing by this user. It is an excellent device with significant improvements over the original. My only issue is that a particular app that I routinely used apparently was only available on the original and is not available on the latest model.
This device provides necessary app and is extremely user friendly.
This ereader is more like a tablet or iPad but without the huge price. Loving my new tech toy.
It is very convenient while working out, traveling and stuff. The mic is at the right location and it is good to answer calls as well. I have connected it to my iPhone and use it to listen to music and take calls. The best part is even if you don't want to plug it in your ears, you can leave it hanging around your neck!
This is a great quality reader. Print on it is very clear and it is easy to use.
my opinion its a good option for the cost. Not as great as Apple Ipad, but it costs so much less. Still can get good use
Loving the new paper white Kindle with its no glare screen. It really is like reading a real book. The font and variety of sizes is very helpful. Both my husband and I use it with no issues at all.
I purchased this tablet for my grandkids ages 2 and 4. They love it! It's easy and fun to use for toddlers. It's perfect for the educational games they enjoy.
This thing is awesome next best thing to having cable. The tv show and movie content is great with the download of Kodi app. I would highly recommend this to anyone. It even has the built in alexa, which can give you local weather, traffic reports etc.
Does the job.Does the job.......................great
Excellent tablet that is very durable and easy to use
Love this tablet. 16GB memory but have expansion slot. Bought 128GB micro SD card for $56. Love this feature
This tablet is great for the kids, however if going out of country might not work didn't for me overall the kids enjoy 5
This would be my only ereader, perfect for days outside in sun or at beach, etc.
So far I am happy with the Amazon echo. I haven't used it to its full potential yet, but it's very convenient!
Good for kids just wanting to play games or watch movies. Even when purchasing extra gb storage cards.
Received my new kindle in perfect condition and I am very happy it is faster and a clearer it has a. bigger had drive at a good price and a fast delivery that you can count on you can not go wrongThank you
Disappointed with this tablet. Get one that uses Android system, not Amazon.
It is awesome and my grandboy loves it. It keeps him from playing with my phone.
Accessable for all TVs in the house and not having to buy a stick for each tv would be 5*'s
This has been the best tablet for my son. It is durable and easy to use.
I would recommend this to my friends that you can shop on amazon has many preloaded games. Many Apps
It's good but not greatDoes everything form movies to tv and apps and gamesAlso there are plenty of mods out there for more features
Good streamer especially helpful for children. Having a Netflix account helps.
I do like some things about this but I still believe it cost to much
My son love this and it's his favorite piece of technology so far.
Purchased it for the kids and they love it. Easy to use
It is lightweight easy to use and easy to read. I would def recommend.
I really like the product. I signed up for Aamazon prime. Now I can listen to lots of great music.
reviews were quite on spot with this product,very easy setup and very easy to use
Everything you could ever need at the sound of your voice. So easy to set up.
This is a great product. My wife says it's my new girlfriend. It works with so many apps I have, Our Groceries, Wemo my Honeywell thermostat.I liked it so much my wife bought me the Amazon Dot for my birthday.
No technology is ever like a real book you can smell, but this little notebook in nice. It does so many things well.
Amazon continues to improve Alexa. The product has unlimited potential.
lightweight and convenient to use. love my new kindle
This is perfect for my 3 year old. He loves this. The charger can be a little tricky at times, so I do have to be the one to plug it in. I've made sure to download a few of his favorite things on it for when we are offline & it's worked just fine. I will be buying an SD card soon to give him more room though, but we haven't run into any issues so far.
My son was very pleased when he saw the kindle fire. He loves it and it is great for him because he like to read his books online.
It's perfect size to take with you any where. It has great color and the sound can get really loud for it's size. There are a number of games, books, videos, movies and apps that you can get on it.... Some of which are free. You can surf the web and also listen to music on it. My son loves his and my mother-in-law loves hers!
This is convenient and easy to operate. Love the shopping list - adding to the list without physically moving ---- and NO paper list to lose!!
The fire tv is super easy to use an super fast compared to the fire stick. Easy setup an all.
My echo is so helpful and my whole family loves it!
bought this tablet for a great price and would recomend it
Excellent for avid readers, this has all the bells and whistles
This tablet is very kid friendly. You log on the tablet and the kids is having fun...
Purchased this along with the fire stick and the fire tv works way better
Purchased for a gift. Person receiving it loved it and is extremely happy with it.
I bought this for my grandmother and she can't put it down
I purchased this for my girl friend and she absolutely loves it. She reads around 3-4 books a week.
Awesome Video streamer, once rooted, unlocked and loaded the possibilities are truly unlimited.
was a great purchase. loved the color and the camera feature
I was searching for a tablet that would be great for reading books and downloading games. This kindle is the right size for a tablet. Works great!
The amazon fire tv stick is awesome. Watch all your streaming videos with no problems.
So far, so good! It's been about 3 weeks or longer since i got it. I use it more than i thought I would. A good reason to justify the $100 for the Amazon Prime Subscription.
Because the devices are very popular, they work great for tying different devices together that otherwise wouldn't be compatible. Our smartthings hub with haiku fans for example. Takes a bit to get used to talking to your house and devices, but helps when people come over and don't have the apps on their phones/devices.
Cool way to sync all your home devices and add cool features like music and weather
excellent screen, the small changes to the form make a huge different (I adore the flatness so much), and the brightness is a perfect for daylight. IMO, worth the cost
I bought this as a surprise for my fiance, he loves it! It has quickly become a standard part of our daily routines.
I got this for $33 on Black Friday. Does what I need to do.
It runs pretty slow. I wish it ran a faster then it would be great
I am very pleased with the paper white Kindle e reader. Love the back up light as I can read no matter what lighting I'm in. The only drawback for me is there is no text to speech. Please bring that back!!
It's great thing to use. I use it for everything even working out
I bought this Tablet for my 3 years old granddaughter and she really loves it. Very easy to use !
I have only used this a few times so far, but I like it. The lightweight and pretty easy to navigate. Perfect screen size too. I ended up purchasing a second one for my fianc.
I have a lot of reading to do as a teacher. This is a perfect product and easy on the eyes.
This is an easy to use box. Voice control is a nice bonus!
Love it! I use it for reading and Netflix and hulu
For the cost, this is a best buy, if you are tech savvy there are multiple things to come from these tablets. Android is available just have to know how to get it.
Love this Echo Alexa. Gives me weather, news, appointments, unlimited music of Amy type & a thousand other things. Everyone needs Alexa!!!!!
Excellent streaming box fills all of my needs. Would highly recommend.
The set up was quick and simple. The voice commands work well.
Easy to set up and easy to use. My only complaint is that even with the 32g scan card, it fills up quickly.
Great started tablet. I purchased this as a started tablet for my niece and she loves it.
I got this for my younger daughter and for her it is great. Plenty of things for her to do whether it's games, or looking up stuff for school, or watching youtube videos.
A must have, echo knows all ur answers , just ask and it answers , it does so much more then I can figure out ! Happy that I got it on sale !
I bought my wife one, she bought me one a few weeks later and now I'm going to buy my mamma one. Great on the go, take to work and business trip device. My little girl loves learning on the kids ABC and coloring app!
I still like holding a book and reading, but for traveling, Dr. Appointments much easier than carry a big fat paperback. Have stopped using my tablet for reading, this is easier on the eyes. Books download in a second. I always have several books ready, so as soon as I finish one book I can start a new one, hard to do with a paperback.
I was literally still using my first gen Kindle Fire and finally upgraded. I love the new one. The only negative is the speakers. My first one is louder than this one.
I purchase 2 on Super Bowl Sunday for my 5 & 7 year old birthday. It was the perfect gift, because the 2 love their gift. The tablets was for a girl and a boy, so I purchase a pink & a blue. The tablet is very child proof.
This box is fantastic. It is much faster than most of the other ones out there and you can't beat the price.
Love this device, long battery life, very useful, great for on the go lifestyles, love the backlight and the overall clarity
Bought 2 for main TVs in the house. Fast processor and no buffering encountered with HD picture quality. Great for various streaming services, lots of free movies and shows if Amazon Prime member, and loading Kodi opens up much more options for free!
Bought 4 of them for gifts and 1 for myself. Everyone loved them. Found it easy to install with directions supplied.
I bought 2 of these 1 for each of my daughters they have been great so far
If you have a smart-home you're going to love this device. I have it integrated with my Hue and Nest products and it works flawlessly. Highly recommend for voice command to smart devices and easy ordering from Amazon.
I travel with this device everywhere! I love having access to my entire library on a simple to use device. The paper white screen is easy on the eyes and battery power!
Love this paperwhite! Great for reading at home, at night or at the beach. Would definitely recommend for anyone else.
The size is perfect, good resolution. Can be used for all purposes.
This is my first tablet. It's very user friendly. Like the parental controls on it. So my kids can use it.
The resolution is great and price is also well. Best tablet I. It's price range.
The first time I buy my first tablet it came on but it only showed that it needed to reeboot, it then shut off by its self.
Makes accessibility to lighting and music very easy. Enjoying learning all the Alexa can do.
I bought this as a gag gift for my wife. She returned the other gift (a bottle of perfume) but uses this device every day. Music plays, shopping lists get made, and the daily news is caught up on in no time. Alexa is pretty good at converting units when I cook and need to know how many tablespoons are in a liter, handsfree timer requests are easy to do and I find myself looking for ways to add more of these clever little devices. I would highly recommend this to all, in fact I'm off to buy one for my parents.
It's easy to navigate and to search books and apps. My mother doesn't put it down unless she's at work
Nice Tablet for games and keeping up on social media!
Great reader for reading in bed. Light weight easy to use.
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter, it has been great. I can set time limits I can set it so she has to do educational stuff before play and I can have weekend time set different from the week days. The protective case is durable , perfect for my clumsy child. I very happy with the product.
This tablet is good for the price. Just be aware there is adware that cannot be removed unless you pay Amazon $15. There are other tablets available at a similar price without the adware if you are not interested in Amazon products or services. If you are looking for an Android tablet will be disappointed. This tablet has an Android operating system but it is not available due to the Amazon operating system overriding it. The screen resolution is average. If you are an Amazon user this is a good tablet, otherwise look elsewhere.
Great idea to not have to use a book light/light source
This is actually a pretty good little tablet. It is not the most powerful and it doesn't have the highest resolution screen. But for the price, you can't go wrong. It does what it is supposed to do and for the low price you won't feel much pain if you break it. A perfect first tablet for the kids or a nice secondary tablet that you can just toss in a bag or the car for road trips.
This tablet has served it's purpose, it keeps my little one entertained with age appropriate sites and apps.
Love not paying cable bill. Just wish we could get sling blue.
This is so much faster than my old blueray player loading apps and streaming. Works great and so many options!!
I sent it for my granddaughter as a birthday gift, seemingly she's enjoying and learning thru it.
It's easy to use and downloading apps for learning and educational resources are very easy. I will recommend this tablet to everyone for their child.
I absolutely love the Echo. It works great with home automation devices. I love how I can use it with Pandora.
Got Alexa set up to control my lights and tv, along with being linked to my spotify but I am excited to continue finding out what else she can be used for!
I am 75 and enjoy it very much. Great for reading.
I was excited about purchasing the Amazon echo but when I received it after about 2 weeks I had to return it because a lot of times Alexa did not hear me or understand what I asked.
Use this tablet for travel - has mini sd to keep movies and files- great for kindle book downloads - fabulous price
very satisfied with tablet, very fast and efficient
I have a Fire HDX from several years ago and this one is so much better. The speed is great and the resolution is fantastic. I wish it had a bigger screen but for the price, what more could one want. I like the power and volume switches placemnt so much better than the HDX.
Bought this tablet as a birthday gift and the person loved it
I bought 2 tablets for my cousins and they really love it! The tablet is easy to use and very handy.
Is a good product but I will like to know more about it
I really love my Echo. I enjoy talking to Alexa every day and getting the news, trivia and podcasts. I love that it is a Bluetooth speaker and I can pair and play my phone or devices easily. The easy connection with other amazon devices allows you to easily call someone in your contacts. I want another one!
My first kindle was not paperwhite so I wasn't able to read at nights. But now I can read it whenever I want.
I really liked the Alexa the only thing I did not like was that it only works with certain music apps. I am kinda of new with this product so I may be wrong but we like the overall use and it's functions.
Great price and bargain, especially if you have Amazon prime it works well with it
I purchased the Echo after finding it interesting from a friends purchase. I am enjoying all the things that my Echo does and still learning as there seems to be an unlimited amount of knowledge and endless options of things to do with my Alexa.
I have had a Kindle since the very first generation, and they have come along way since then. This version is pretty handy, reads well, and navigates okay for kindle . It there was any drawback I would say that the store shopping experience thru the actual kindle needs improvement . It's still very antiquated, and seems antiquated compared to today's browsing market.
This is how to watch TV via streaming using the FIRE TV that's also 4K compatible! LOVE IT-
Cheap device running Amazon's OS. No problems installing apps or using the device. Highly recommend for $49.99 (or $33.33 during Black Friday).
I use this while im at work to have a bigger screen to watch my shows on. However I prob dont really need it. It has most apps. Not all games thatbi use on my phone. Its big and nice screen. Resolution is very nive. However i hardly use it besides work. When I'm at home i iust use my phone. I gave it a 4* due to not having all apps or games available. The wifi signal doesnt pick up as well as my phone either.
I tried apple tv, chrome tv, Roku but I like this the best.
My kids love these. I purchased 3 of them at one time. They seem really durable.
Great and informative service. The guy who helped us was very friendly.
Great table I pay cheap price is gift for my son my son is happy
Had this for a month now. Works perfect. Just saw an email informing me that it works with Echo devices now. Can't wait to try it.
Purchased this item for a friend, ended up keeping this for my home. Love all the things you can do with this from music to cutting on the lights or other items. Love this!!!
I love my Kindle for reading manga and comics. The fact that the graphics are worse than my phone detracts a little from the expirence, but serves to remind me that I cheaped out and bought yesterday's model. This is not a real negative, it just appeares less crisp than my phone. The increased picture size more than makes up for it in my book.
For the $$, not sure it can be beaten. Its no iPad but its 1/10t the price
Awesome tablet with access to lots of apps. Great games and learning tools!
Great value for a great virtual assistant. A good start for initiating a smart home.
The fire tablet is user-friendly, a good size, and offers many features. The display quality is good, and i have no complaints with the camera. Using Amazon for shopping or for features associated with Prime is very easy. The only issues I have had with this tablet are that my headphone jack does not provide good sound quality, and there are third-party apps that are not compatible with Fire OS. I'm hoping the app issue will be fixed by developers over time.
Broughtt it for a chistmas gift. No complaints yet.
Purchased the tablet for my 9 month old daughter since I notice that she loves phone screens and tablets. Keep in mind isn't intend for kids her age but make sure there is adult supervision. Pluses: the tablet can take a good beating. Tons of hard tapping and even with the tough case can even take biting as well without causing any damage to the pink case. ( daughter is teething lol) . I'm a Amazon prime member,which gives access to tons of shows and free apps. So if you have Prime you can totally take advantage of a full library of entertainment. Some of the apps are great even for my 9 month old daughter works great to keep her entertained. Also when she is older I have tons of options to change and control. Also I get my own side she can't do anything unless I give her action.Cons: Average battery life 5-6hours tops of nonstop use and also wish that there was a way to lock the screen while watching Amazon, Netflix or any other video app so when my daughter taps in any direction or anywhere that the videos wouldn't stop playing.
Got this to replace my old 3G Kindle with Keyboard and it is great that I don't have to use a outside light to read after dark. Good job Amazon!
Purchased for my nephew for Christmas. Used it everyday. Very good product and screen size is perfect for him.
This workshould so much better then the firend stick.
Bought this for my son, he really enjoys using it especially as an e-reader,
Nice size tablet. Very easy to use. Love it!!!!! Beats my laptop.
I got 4 of these tablets for my nieces and nephews and from my understanding they haven't put them done since they got them for Christmas. So that being said I believe they are a great tablet.
Bought four of these for nieces and nephews. Works great been several weeks all four going strong and these kids can break anything really easy.
Works well with all Kindle models, either as a computer cord or charging cord. My original Kindle came with a charger and cord. The new editions don't. They come with a cord like this - but my mom's got thrown away with the box. This is a perfect replacement.
easy to use and quality product for the price. primarily use as an e-reader
These kindlewhites are awesome! never thought I'd give up holding a real book, but the whites are just too convenient!
After using one at a relative's house I finally decided to purchase one of these. I've struggled with the slowness of smart tv built in apps or even the apps on my bluray player and this was finally the solution to that. It's fast and has tons of content.
Bought for Christmas and my daughter loves it. $50.00 for a tablet is a great deal.
It was a gift for my wife and she said it is a 5 stars one.
easy to setup and connect to your wi-fi. Performs numerous tasks when asked including playing music from Pandora and I-Heart radio, get local or another areas local weather forecast and much more, only problem I had is that I was unable to load my I-Tunes music into Amazon music to play through Echo.
The best companion period! Works great with most smart products! A must have!!
Bought this as a gift and the giftee really loves it!
I can't live without the kindle paper white. It changed my reading habit. And the kindle getting better and better. Highly recommended.
I like it because it easy to use and easy to install
We got two of these tablets for my twins for Christmas and they are great. Using the parental controls plus the durability you cant beat the price. Also there have been not one issue with the tablet. Great inexpensive tablet for kids or anyone.
Gift for my wife to listen to her music when she's sewing plus being able to purchase supplies as she runs out.
The echo does just about anything you want. Weather, music, news even jokes.
Compared to all other similar devices, this works really excellent.
T-r-a-s-h.............................................. ....
This is an average performance tablet and amazon centric. This tablet could have been better if amazon would have made it with android os instead of poorly designed fire OS. The app store and apps in that are not great. This tablet can be good for people who wants to read while travel or play some games while travel will be good. I paid only 35$ so cant complain for the price i paid. I already have ipad mini 2 and comparing with that makes this tablet little slow.
Very convenient enjoy having Alexa around the house
I bought two of these for my granddaughters and they are very easy to use and they love them.
A Kindle that has a case to help with drops. Purchased on sale during Black Friday. Great deal on a great product.
I was pleased with features of this low cost device
It is very useful and I am learning new things everyday
This is wonderful, no more lugging books around and you always have something to read and you never have to worry about finding a book or it being backordered. Should have bought this years ago! Great for anybody that loves to read.
This is the perfect reader. Price is great, it's easy on your eyes. Battery lasts longer than a tablet.
Better than the stick. Doesn't overheat and supports 4k
If you really want to have a good read on something digital this is the item you're looking for. It really is lightweight and highly functional. The battery lasts a long time and the screen is easy on the eyes. The only difficulty sometimes is reading in extremely bright environments. Overall an excellent buy.
Great starter kit for a child. Highly recommended.
Bought for my grandchildren,easy for them to use, Great downloads for kids,they love the easy to use camera.Great prices.The book downloads for them to read.I highly recommend this product,for anyone who has children!
Love using this for the house, it works all of my products in the house
It should be in every home. Very easy to use and the speakers are excellent
Entertaining, great sound. We enjoy using daily and it is very informative!
Great item! Would definitely recommend this item -- am still learning all the things about it.
Brought 1 for my neice, nephew, and child they  it
I give away these tablets at events. They are well priced, hard to break and efficient tablets. A great buy for the money.
Absolutely love my kindle. There was a glare on the screen when I was out in the sun, but once my eyes got adjusted it was just fine!
My grandson loved it! Shipping was lightning fast!Thank you!
Love it! Best e reader I have owned so far and I've owned quite a few
Love this voice activated device. Great sound for a single speaker!
Useful, fun and informative. Answers most questions quickly and the music/speaker is great. Caution: Alexa has really good hearing!
even looks up phone numbers of near by places not in my contacts list!
easy to use , sound is great, i use it any where in the house
For the price, can't beat the quality of this product. I use it in conjunction with my Prime account to watch online and download movies to watch off line. Also like that it has a memory card slot for expansion.
Works great very happy. Loads very fast and easy to use !
I decided to get a Kindle because I was having issues reading on my backlit tablet. The screen lighting on the paper white doesn't have this issue. I also like the lack of distractions, I don't have e-mails or texts popping up while I'm trying to read.
Purchased this tablet for a gift..They love it. Easy to use.
When it works it's great but for some reason it doesn't always answer me When it doesn't answer me I turn off the tv and make sure no one else is talking and it still doesn't work at that time. It was easy to set up with the phone app. Doesn't seem to matter where the phone is when it isn't working. I've tried close and far and in between. So a case of great when it works and the pits when it doesn't
A friend and my neighbors have Echo Dot. After talking with them, I purchased one and am very pleased with it. Especially, I like being able to listen to my favorite local radio stations, as well as Sirius/XM. The sound quality is excellent.
This device helped in my decision to cut the cord. Works great, abundant material to watch, especially with prime.
Needed an inexpensive and portable Alexa device and this works perfectly.
Tablet is nice, screen is very clear. However, too many ads pop up during use, no way to disable them. Very frustrating when using. If that were corrected I would better be able to recommend this item.
This is the second Echo I have purchased and I love them. They are a lot of fun and have great sound on top of that. I would definitely recommend.
I bought 2 of these on Black Friday and these have to be one of the worst buys of my life!!!! The screen saver can't be changed so my kids are forced to look at ads every time they want to use their tablet. Apps are ok and to be honest I could have dealt with the ads but the final deal breaker for me is the sd card. I bought my kids sd cards so they can have more than 4 games and the tablet doesn't read it or something. It says sd card inserted but it won't download apps to the sd card!
my grandson had one and likes it. so i bought it for my other grandson
It is a pretty cool device. Not too friendly for the music I already had to get it to play them. My main use was to operate my ADT Pulse security system. It acts as a third party app and the question gets too lengthy and does not always find the device I wanted the first time. I took it back. Maybe the newer version coming out will work better.
Smaller size. Easier to hold and put in my purse.love being able to read it at night and not keep others awake.
The device works OK. The more you use it, the better it works for you. We had some problems getting to link to our MLB account during the recent WS, but hopefully that will get worked out. AMAZON version of SIRI for the house.
Does as advertise. Good for bedroom and you can plug in external speakers.
Bought for a Christmas gift and my nephews love it. I highly recommend
This is an item that I bought as a gift. My daughter loves it as well as her entire family.
Love shopping at Best Buys. Better deals than Walmart.
Good Inexpensive tablet for someone that does not use it that often.
We love the fire TV stick, got one for each TV and got rid of cable. Subscribed to PlayStation Vue instead. However we had to get a new Blackhawk router because we were constantly streaming, before that the TV was buffering tons. Works great now.
I go this tablet after problems with 2 Samsung tablets. so far like it. all apps I use available. A little slower than previous tablets that is the only reason for the 4 stars
Bought 2 of these for 2 of my nephews and they love it! Keeps them occupied for hours at a time as they explore the features it offers, especially all of the free games they're able to download and play. Was a better gift for my lil sis who now gets a break while the tablets babysit ;)I like the sleek design, the quality feel of the materials, the sharp graphics, beautiful colors and fast response of the tablet. Also, for the price, not many others are comparable. Setup wasn't as easy as some I've had in the past, but we got it done. Would definitely recommend this for anyone in the market for a cheap but quality tablet!
I've had Amazon Kindles since v1. Each new release surpasses the one before it, as you would expect, but does so in ways that always improve the user experience. I love the feel of this one - great size, great weight, and I love the backlit screen.
I love my fire stick it provided hours of entertainment
You really can't get much better than a Kindle for reading ebooks. The Paperwhite is great as it has a touchscreen and has a backlight for reading in just about any environment.
It's pretty good for what it is designed to do: a portable bluetooth speaker and Alexa-enabled speaker. Not voice controlled so you have to touch the speaker button for Alexa. Nice thing once connected to your Alexa account is that you can play music, whatever, without having your phone nearby though Alexa only works when connected to WiFi. If no Wifi, then connect via bluetooth to play music from any apps. Battery life is also pretty good.
Awesome sound. Would definitely recommend this to my family and friends.
Outstanding product. Will buy another one in the future.
Has options to add a scard that increases the low memory constraints on stick. Overall good
I enjoy it very much. It works good and does what it is supposed to do
Alexa is great!!!! I should of bought one so long ago! I am looking to buy a Dot for upstairs now. Provides great sound!
It was a Mother's Day gift my wife loved it she took it on vacation with her and could read it in the direct sunlight on the beach or by the pool
I got this for my kids, we use the freeplay for $3 a month. We added a 16gb memory card. It is not an hd screen, but it still looks good. And it's faster than other quad core tablets, probably because it's not running heavy graphics. Great for casual use and children.
The original Amazon Echo packs quite a bit into one cylinder. The sound is so much more than you'd expect, the voice recognition software is excellent, and there's so much it can do. I recommend using it with Amazon Prime to get the most out of the music. This also works well with Philips Hue lighting.
I heard so much about fire TV and went out and bought it at the local Best Buy store and i must say that I'm very happy with my new fire TV the movie selection is great, now i can watch what i want when i want.
This unit with amazon prime is a blast! Use it to have fun dance parties...
The Amazon Echo is both practical and fun. I use it for my Sirius XM streaming music. I check the weather often and I use it to tease my cats by asking Alexa to meow. There are so many answers to questions and an abundance of information that Alexa can provide. These are only a fraction of all the things that the Echo can do. Love the Echo !
Bought it on thanksgiving night just opened pkg and the screen is crushed. Haven't been able to take it back but was told when I called in that they might not have any in stock.
The lighting of the Paperwhite did not present any issues with glare - easy on eyes, even while wearing sunglasses outdoors.
We have gotten rid if cable and just use the fire sticks. What a big savings from the high price of cable.
My grand kid didn't like device, get frustrated to navigate education video. Not worth it!
nice table for the kids. and inexpensive, that's the nice part
So far I love Alexa I have orders stuff threw it.I can control my smart home from it. Set my alarms to wake me and water my lawn.Also does voice calls now.
Awesome tablet for kids pre loaded with a ton of things and the case is even better
This case is sturdy and will stand upright so that you can watch a video or read a book hands free. It fits easily in my purse, not bulky at all. The only bad thing is that the case only comes in a dark ugly color. ****** should offer at least one other color, preferably a light color.
This is my third Amazon device. I have one on every tv. Works perfectly, and the 2nd Gen has awesome clarity!!
Bought it for this Thanksgiving and for a decent price. Works decently and kids live this.
Nicer than my old fire. Better screen area to view
I have used tablets before that cost a lot more money. For the price this tablet is a bargain.
Love the new fire tv. I use it everyday to stream tv and movies. Good quality product
This is an excellent product to give as a gift, one of the most reliable brands in the market.
Excellent value, lets me lug all my favorite books around and read whenever. Wouldn't be without it.
The only thing missing is SONOS integration. When Amazon managed to allow for echo to be conected to an speaker system such as SONOS this product will be deserving of a 10 star.It does what is mean to do flawless.
Got 1each for mom and dad (seniors), alien to android were using that very day on their own.. they love it
We already own one of these. Purchased another for my mom. We all love it. Connects easily to the Echo and all other apps we normally use.
t is cheap tablet option coming from amazon. Latest model will satisfy your needs
Great product can you add Lotta different things continually learning
I was looking for just a Bluetooth speaker to add to my laptop for better sound. When I first listened to Amazon Tap I was so impressed with the sound quality.....then add in all the features it was a no brainer for a purchase! Sound quality is off the charts, Alexa learns more every day, and so do I! If you are a Prime member, this is a must! If you aren't...then you really should be!
got this on black friday and couldn't be any happier! for 35 bucks and its a kindle my kids will be super excited.
Cut the cord! With this, able to stream using showtime anytime, HBO Go, amazon prime, netflix, and playstation vue. excellent interface. highly recommend!
It's a great product price is right and a good size not bulky,just wish could get Google on it
I really like my new Echo, which I received for Christmas. Love the fact that you can get the weather report, news, add items to your grocery list and listen to various music. You can find answers to questions without having to google it. I like it better than Siri.
Bought it for my 5 yr old grand daughter and she absolutely loves it! The Kidzobe package is the best
It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
Great product for the price! This is my entertainment tablet and it is great for movies and apps. Much better than my old Nexus tablet.
We purchased this after we decided to get rid of cable. Very easy to navigate much better than using a game system.
The Fire 8 was purchased for me for after I had a knee replacement. I used it to view and check my emails, facebook, Netflix, Xfinity movies and TV shows.
Had to replace my sons lenovo android tablet and at the same time renew the warranty. Had a few options of brands to choose for the replacement. Lots of family suggested the Amazon even the best buy staff said it was the better choice not to mention the cheapest of the four brands to pick from. Well set up was a disaster. I wasn't aware that this tablet let's you put up to four names under one Amazon account, until after the initial account member name was completed. So now my 7 yr old has an Amazon account. Also didnt lime that i had to put in credit info for set up. And then had to go into settings to put a parental block on in-app purchases. Too many ad pop ups and thats just while it is turning on. In not happy with this tablet . It automatically backs up photos and stuff to an iCloud. I don't know what that is , how to access it, nor is there an icon on the screen for it. Also lots of unnecessary pages and icons all over the screen that can't be changed. My other sons tablet is in need of replacement and warranty renewal. I will not be replacing his with this product.
The kindle fire is a really great tablet when your at home or out at your local after school study place. It has great battery life for doing your home work or just reading your e-mail.
I really liked the many facets of the Tablet. Presence of Alexa does provide opportunity for Adults to play and surprise by it.The only caveat is Amazon Free Time is for only 1 Year which Amazon should increase by atleast 1 year for Prime Members but thats more of service and no complains on Tablet.
My six year old turned this tablet on immediately on Christmas Day. He knew how to operate it easily.
Alexa can answer most questions, play music from your library, and even order items you have run out of. This "toy" is a lot of fun! I recommend it - I haven't had it very long but so far so good - thumbs up for Alexa!
Amazon - Echo - White is a powerful and versatile product. BestBuy had the best price available for this product, at the time of my purchase.
Very easy on the eyes. Easy to carry, fits in my purse
She loves it, its her first tablet experience and tells me all the time how much she enjoys using it. She couldn't be happier.
Very good and best for travel readings. I really like it and would like to refer with all
I love my kindle, it is what I like to use at the end of the day or for business trips. The only annoying things are the amount of advertising the put on this version. It was only $35 for Christmas so I can't complain.
Bought for my daughter on Christmas. She has hooked it up and and has enjoyed using it That's good enough for me. :)
Nice Tablet, Easy to use and setup. This is most buy.
Small, portable and very easy to use. I have not had any issues as of yet.
Needed speaker system for office music and the Echo is very easy to set up syncing with my iPhone by adding the Alexa App. Took maybe 5 minutes from opening box to playing Pandora on it. Have built in speakers in our house but they connect to CD player, radio or cable music channels but I wanted something that I could easily control the genre and this is it!
This Firebox is simple to install and use. Went for the box opposed to the stick for the faster processing option. Remember your electronics are only as fast as your internet!
I take it everywhere I go. It's got me back into reading again all the time. If you're a first-time kindle buyer like me, you'll enjoy this product. There are problems with installing apps like viber but still a good purchase.
I am glad to have made this purchase. I am pleased with the Amazon stick
Got this for my kids. Very affordable, good memory, well powered. 4 stars only because I did not realize the limitations of the Kindle restricted Android software.
Does the job. Kids are kinda of rough with its holding up well
We used this tablet as a prize for a raffle winner. It was a big hit and the winner says she uses it a lot!
I bought these for my five and six-year-olds and they love the games and educational apps that come with it loaded from Amazon prime for free for a whole year. Great value for the money I will be referring this product to all of my friends.
Fast and easy to use. Kid friendly :) Simple to navigate, clear and clean picture.
I bought this Kindle because I needed something light and portable to take with me to class throughout the day on an 8-5 schedule. And so far, no complaints! Only that the camera function is pretty useless what with its low quality and lack of autofocus, or focus at all for that matter, but I knew that going in. Battery lasts all day, which is awesome since I keep all my notes on it. Touch screen might not be as sensitive as one would like, but overall? It does the job and does it well.
Really like all the features. All the apps. You really don't need cable tv anymore.
Love the tablet! Easy to use and easy to take with
This was a BIRTHDAY GIFT for my LITTLE one and she LOVED it!
Great little reader! Easy to use and download books. The backlight helps in all lighting situations. Long battery life
This is my second kindle ...second paper white bought for my niece. Love the ease of reading without the distractions you get on tablets
Perfect for me. Just the right size, light weight, and reads easy.
Easy to use for a beginner and at a great LOW cost with many options for free or to purchase at a low cost. Never used a tablet before and LOVE it for at home or out and about where there is wi-fi available. Books, games, internet and more.....GREAT BUY!
It was a birthday gift for my son. He loves it and I use it from time to time. I would recommend it and the price is nice.
Easy to set up had all the channels I felt it was less clunky than roku
Great product. Very informative for those individuals on the go who need quick responses to everyday things such as the weather, traffic, etc.
Amazon Fire is great for people who use Kodi. Great varieties of movies, music, and tv shows you can access.
Truly enjoyed it, meets customer needs great for games, reading and day to day usage
Bad graphics. Ugly design. Good for the price. Not recommended.
This was perfect for entertaining my 20-month old great grandson during car trips, shopping and bedtime.
The paper white version of Kindle is much easier to read than the older ones.Very happy with the quality and ease of use.
I love Alexa. She has made my home smarter. I am able to use her skills to control my tv, thermostat and sprinkler system.
Not what I was thinking, most questions asked, I get response. Hmm
Easy to set up for use and to add skills to personalize Alexa for you own use. Turn on lights, get the news, sports and weather by asking. A nice addition.
Bought this tablet for my husband for Christmas and it is great. Easy to use and just what he was wanting.
I have had the Echo since Thanksgiving. I love asking "Alexa" questions like movie showtimes close by, or current sports scores. I also enjoy playing a round of Jeopardy once in a while. It makes it easy to listen to the radio and to play just about any song I want, even if I am not sure of the lyrics. It is one of those conveniences that you wonder how you did without it.
Great product for a great price. Would highly recommend
Have enjoyed using the touch screen to operate. The page light adjustment has been very useful, especially when reading in bed with my wife sleeping.
Great price, very portable, fun for gaming, does the jub.
We love this product. It can do so many things and the sound quality from it is quite good.
we have various versions of the kindle and this one is great. the screen quality is amazing and I think it makes this the best Kindle Paperwhite, and the price is great got it for less than a $100 with a best buy member deal
Great apps for music and overall very fast and satisfying.
I bought this tablet for my kids on Xmas and they really like it ..
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend. She absolutely loves it and uses it every day. She's very picky about electronics and she loves her tablet so it must be good!
Very durable and easy for my 5yr old to use. The price was just a plus.
Granddaughter loves it, easy for a toddler to hold and maneuver.
The ultra UD, the easy user interface, well designed remote and the ability to add third party apps makes this a must have!!
Easy to install and worked great - highly recommend
Great gift idea for kids. I would recommend the item.
Very useful! Love it! Love being able to say Alexa play this specific song, and boom there it is
I was fortunate to order one of these as soon as it was announced. As an Amazon Prime member, I was able to buy the Fire TV Stick for 19 during a two day sale. I figured, for that price, I might as well test it out!Set up was easy and straight forward. I find that the interface is quick and easy to use. The interface and streaming on the Stick is much faster than the Amazon app built into my HDTV. This fact alone made this a great purchase. Here are some more thoughts I have on the Fire TV Stick so far: PROS:- Quick, easy to use, polished interface- Wireless streaming works really well- Amazon Instant video loads, fast forwards, and rewinds really fast- A dedicated Prime Menu allows Prime members to easily see what free content is available- Unlike Chromecast, the Fire TV Stick includes a remote- Can stream your own videos by first uploading them to your cloud disk- Can play quite a few casual games- Awesome, irresistible price for Amazon Prime users. I got it for 19 during the two day sale.- Better specs than Chromecast and Roku Stick- Ultraportable. I plan to use Fire TV Stick when I travel for work and to visit family- Stream local videos and other content using the Plex app http://www.amazon.com/Plex-Inc/dp/B004Y1WCDE/ (Thanks BikeRider!) CONS:- Included remote doesn't support voice search. That remote costs extra. Would be nice to have a second Fire TV Stick model that includes the voice search remote, rather can requiring us to buy a second remote.- Probably won't be able to use universal remotes with this unless Logitech offers a compatible device.- Not as fast as Fire TV, but since the Stick is so much cheaper, this is not really an issue.Read more
luv this amazon fire. able to catch shows that I have missed. also able to watch full episodes of series
We bought this last year on Black Friday for a Christmas gift for my dad. He's an avid book reader, and this was something he's always wanted, but would never buy for himself.It's nothing fancy and complicated, but in addition to reading books, you can surf the web and download apps.A year later and he's still thanking us for it.
I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. She watches Netflix and YouTube everyday and has had no issues. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Love it Cheap and good tablet. Has no memory but it's ok it does what I need it to do and my niece loves it! She's entertained! Would buy more!
Amazon Echo is a great start to electronic personal assistants. Voice recognition is very accurate.
As a tablet compared to others regardless of price I'd score it above average but the other tablets in comparrison cost $100+ more. This is the best buy for your money...hands down as long as you have amazon prime (which is awesome on its own).
So far no problems except no kid friendly case for tablet.
We are happy with purchasing the Amazon Fire. Very easy to use and don't know what we watched without it.
Great product that I would recommend to all. I ended up buying more than one.
This great for the money but it won't let you use Spotify??
This is one of the best purchase I have gotten in the last 7 months. You can ask Alexsa anything and she will give you a correct answer. I have also have the Echo controlling my heating system and lights. A must have in the house.....
This tablet is perfect for my mom. She primarily uses it for playing games, the calendar and taking pictures. The camera is a decent camera for a 7" tablet. Hopefully she'll use it to read books and magazines as well.
This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.
This Amazon Echo complements the other home automation products I currently have. It works great with my Wemo lights and my Nest thermostats. I highly recommend this for anyone wanting to automate their home.
Very good product not a lot of junk built in and that's good for the fact that you can use that storage for the apps you really want.
I decided to buy a kindle fire because of the price. It's way cheaper than most models and more reliable. I honestly didn't think I would be able to do much.with it, but can do a lot. I have Netflix on it and have binge watched a lot because of it. I am quite happy with my purchase.
Enjoy my summer reading and a regular tablet just will not do. Initially disappointed by the small size, but I quickly learned to appreciate it. Very portable and convenient. I wanted something easy on the eyes with a 3G connection so I did not have to be connected to WIFI to download books. Was a bit more then I wanted to pay but feel I will get good use out of it.
Good quality product. Clear display and easy to use.
This is a good product with good reviews. Would recommend
I wanted a digital something for store my book on. I'm am an avid reader, when time permits, but I hate toting around my books. Losing my bookmark is irritating. With my new Paperwhite, I never have that problem, and I can even carry around more than one book! I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite!
I picked this up on Black Friday when it was $30. It seemed like the parental controls would make it good for my kids. I'm not sold. While I can sideload the Google Play store, you can't access anything you download from the safety of the child's account. In addition, 8 GB is practically useless.
Love this product works great so far i would recommend this to others
The Echo is Portable with the Purchase of the Optional Echo Battery Base It is High quality Sound and Has to many options to list needs Hue Hub adapter to use Hue Light Bulbs but can control unto 50 at a time . Has good answers for everything Highly Recommended But best if you have an Amazon Account you can listen to Audio Books etc you have purchased . So much fun .
Love my PaperWhiite Kindle. It's so easy to read and I especially like the non-glare for outdoors and ease with adjusting font size. I find I'm reading more books this way. Only thing I don't like is how heavy it is.
Loved it very good screen quality and clarity, of course its amazon so alot of the regular google play store stuff from androids isnt Available, but they have there own version of stuff that is good also, my kids loved it, i loved it, i highly recommend buying it. But if your hooked on google play id go with a Samsung tablet.
Great size for on the go to do basic needs. Also great for kids to be accupied with.
This thing is cool! Paired with smart switches helps my mom turn her lights on and off without getting up.
My three yr. Old is loving his tablet. He likes to see the free games and I can monitor very early every time he logs in. Great product for the fam.
the screen flush with the sides is great. The glass feeling is really nice. I don't use the side buttons for page turning but only because of habit. They are great and the need for pressure allows me to hold the kindle without changing pages. But, the price is painful. It is a splurge purchase since the paperwhite is just about as good in nearly every respect.
I had reviewed and looked at this Samsung 65" 4k HDTV and at this timeit was the best for the money..Very satisfied with TV and would recommend it to anyone.
Amazon has made a device that's very easy to use for a first time tablet user like myself.
The Echo was a great purchase. As a whole, we ordered groceries, batteries and everything else just buy asking Alexa. The deals of the day are fantastic as well, just ask Alexa what the deal of the day is!
Great product and service and the sales man r really nice.
Incredible value for the money. So many features for so little money
Love this kindle reader it is super easy to use and it has a long battery life!
I recently purchased 3 Echoes - for my daughters and myself then I purchased this one for my friend because she loved it so much. It is a handy resource and it's also fun! It's really a cool device.
The resolution and contrast are great, and unlike multi-use tablets, this performs great in direct sunlight. With the adjustable light, it's also great for pitch-black rooms. The battery life is also better than any tablet you'll find. I can't imagine going back to paper books ever again, not only because of the convenience of the Kindle, but Kindle books are always cheaper than their physical counterparts! I love this thing.
I bought this for my mom who didn't have a tablet at the time and she had no idea what to do with it, but with very little help from me she figured it out through the tutorials provided. The screen isn't as large as I would've hoped but it does the job.
Entertainment or the quiet times you love. Perfect
Nice to just check emailAnd read books. I would recomend
This was a gift bought because I have had one for years and am completely happy with everything about it.
I love my kindles. This is the 4th one. The others I wore out. I enjoy this one the most . Easier researching things , lot more options etc
Easy to use many different features make it fun to use
Overall, this is a decent tablet. Quite easy to set up. Takes a few minutes to run the updates, but you'll be up and running in 15 minutes or less,Build quality-- very impressive, this is not a cheap feeling device. it has a nice weight, and is very solid feeling. the back of the device is a plastic type material but overall nice.
Having a Kindle is awesome. It makes it very easy to read and I gobbled up over 800 pages before I had to charge it for the first time since I got it. Great purchase!
This Kindke is not only for reading books it acts as a great tablet with apps and can be used for dual purposes
The fire tv is great for streaming movies and playing games on
Very good for the price. Connection good and easy to setup
This is much faster then the firestick.will work with amazon echo. Voice remote works great!!
Really crisp picture. Fast and good amout of storage.
With summer getting closer, I know that I'm going to be reading outside more often, and my tablet won't be a great choice with sun glare on the screen. An iPad or Nexus 9 may be more powerful than this Kindle, but what good is all that performance if I can't see the screen outside?It's great being able to go sit down at a local park, enjoy the sunshine, listen to the birds, and read a book on the Kindle. The e-ink display is fantastic, and really does look like paper, even in direct sunlight.
Have had nothing but an amazing experience with it
My son loves it and it has good battery life he plays it alot
I was not sure what to expect of Alexa, but after using it for some time I wonder why I have 2K of sound equipment. The sound is outstanding it is everything as advertised.
Slow, advertisement plagued. Save and spend money on something better.
I got this for my grandson and he loves it.He has not had any problems at all!
Great product use it every day to watch movies and tv shows
easy to read books this way. enjoyable at night in the bedroom or outside in the afternoon.
Excellent product for the price. Would recommend to anyone.
This is my first tablet and I think it is wonderful. I can do so much on it and I use it everywhere I go. It's the perfect size for me because it fits in my lunch bag and my apron pocket at work. I can do all the same things on it as I do on my laptop computer except edit spreadsheets and text docs. However, I can view them on the tablet.
I like that you can access thousands of movies or tv shows. Just make sure you have enough speed on your router.
Good tablet for the price. Was looking for a substitute for the Amazon Fire HD 7 that my son lost, and this is a pretty good replacement. Not that much of a difference.
Great little tablet for the price !! Bought it for the kids when they come over, can't beat it!
I bought this as a gift for my granddaughter for her birthday. She loves it!
Perfect first kindle easy to useeasy for kids!!!
Great tablet my 2 kids have 3.They have an extra one for the roadI would definetly recommend it.
Read a lot about my product and would only purchase at Best Buy
We have bought two Taps, one for ourselves and one as a gift for our son. We love the portability of the Tap. It's perfect for our deck. Our grandchildren love it, too.
I like being able to add to a shopping list the moment I think of an item I need, purchased smart outlets and can run lights & small appliances too
This is an awesome tablet, fast, great HD display and has all the apps I need for personal entertainment. If you look for a great tablet for entertainment, surfing the net, or reading your e-mail, this is the best you can have. I also purchased a 128 GB SanDisk Ultra Plus memory card. I strongly recommend it, not for work but its great for entertainment.
Alexa is very much fun and informative. Definitely a must for the modern life
So far, the Amazon echo has been fun to interact with. It does all sorts of things and I need to spend some time learning about all it's functions.
I thought i would love my amazon echo before i bought it, but now that ive had the chance to use it its just not such a big deal !
Such a a great tablet that does everything, love it!
I bought this fire for my 7 year old and she loves it.
My kids love there kindles. They want put them down. This was a great Christmas gift
It is more lightweight than my keyboard kindle 3. Love it
I had Microsoft Surface, unfortunately daughter dropped and cracked screen so needed a new tablet. Since went back to laptop for work didn't need another Surface. Settled on 8" Kindle HD over Samsung and IPad mini due to value. I only use for social networks, email, games, internet search, and occasional viewing of videos. This is a good basic tablet that can handle this no problem with a good wifi connection. Great value as I paid under $100 during the holidays and it has been as good as my Surface for these basic uses.
Been dragging my feet to get one of these. Once you learn everything it can do, you'll love it!
Very educational and simply fun...like a new friendHavi g too much fun with her....still exploring more to educate her even better...a must myst buy and i dont typically buy gadgets....
Setup was extremely easy. Easy for grandchild to use. Only difficulty is with parental controls stopping connection with library.
I purchased a new Kindle because i sat on the last one. I was trying to decide on whether to get the paperwhite version, and so very glad i did. The ability to add light during periods of shade with bright sun behind or at dusk is really a great benefit
This tablet is really easy to use and still holds up pretty well. I got this tablet for my grandma for her birthday and she can't put it down!
I bought 3 of these tablets for my nieces and I was a little worried about the quality because they were cheap. The quality is great and my nieces love them for playing games, watching videos, movies etc. Turn out to be a great purchase.
These Fire TV boxes are a bit bigger then the Fire stick but carry much more processing power and memory. There is virtually no lag when using the standard Fire apps, and only a small amount when using 3rd party apps (Kodi). There are tons of tutorial online to get the most out of your Fire TV.
This is my third Kindle Fire. It works beautifully. The only problem I have is little details that are different from previous model. (I'm getting used to it!) As I go I'm learning.....
Is it operate my wife loves it my granddaughter knows how to operate a good sounding Bluetooth speaker great freedom it even tells knock knock jokes in makes my granddaughter crack up that makes it worth every penny I paid useful to recommend to anybody
Not the most powerful tablet out there, but excellent for the price
Use for Amazon Prime video, Netflix, and DIRECTV Now. Would be 5 stars if remote controlled volume and tv power.
This is an incredible product. I would much rather read on this than my iPad!
We purchased this Echo as a gift for my son - and he loves it! Setup was easy and he's having a lot of fun with it. Really makes a good gift!
I really like my Kindle Fire. Just make sure that when you get a free month of Amazon Prime that you cancel it before it expires otherwise you will be charged over $100.
I love the Fire TV Box it works flawlessly. I recommend adding the Spotify App. It makes all your sorround sound Bluetooth. Worth every penny for sure . Don't think about it just buy it .
This was a perfect gift for my friend. Obsessed with reading and has been perfect for starting a greater library of books... Very easy to use and extremely affordable. Very happy with this purchase, and will buy more for family and friends!
This thing is much better than the fire stick version it's much more powerful and faster and the best part is you can connect it to the internet via ETHERNET CABLE.
I had the Fire Stick prior to purchasing the Fire TV and it is night and day. Fire TV is much faster and has larger buffer, there is no lag in response time while watching TV thru Fire TV. Very happy with this purchase.
Alexa {speaking from the Amazon Tap) is great to have around ! Current news, personal planning details as well as details that might have been forgotten are all available from Alexa..... The Tap sits next to my bed on the nite stand where I can easily call up ijnfo from my bed or as I walk by during the day or nite. Especially useful for a review of my calendar so I can review my upcoming days plans. Try Alexa in a store and my guess is you will want her at your house!
Good addition to home automation, get amazon music.
Echo is awesome! Hands free to listen to music, get weather and news. Amazing!
Got this as a birthday gift for my wife..she loved it!
Great tablet for the price. Does everything that I need it to do
I find reading books on this tablet to be better than expected despite the shiny glass display.
I love this tablet. This is the third one I have given out because I liked mine so much. the price is just right and value is out of sight
This tablet is very good for my daughter of age five.
I bought these for my nieces at Christmas -- I got an 'echo dot' for myself. These are SO cool. I added a wifi lamp switch. I can turn the light on/off, get the weather report, have music played ... all with my VOICE !! crazy cool ...
Got this linked to my Logitech harmony hub and SmartThings hub. Now I can just say "Alexa, turn on/off tv" and it works.
I'm really happy that I purchased this Amazon Fire TV Box. It works great and so easy to use. Definitely worth the price!
first fire is great, purchased a second as a gift and its perfect.
Great speaker and the sound is great. Use it every day. Love being able to use Alexa when attached to my network.
This is good for kids. Cheap enough that if they destroy it, you won't get upset
The Paperwhite is still the best overall eReader. There is the Oasis and Voyage but they cost a lot more and are only slightly better.
Amazon has a really nice platform and this tablet is fantastic for those folks who do not to spend a few hundred dollars on an Apple ipad Mini.
I've had the chromecast for years and never really had any problems with it besides the occasional freeze when casting videos too big.Decided it was time to upgrade since SlingTV had a $50 promotion off any SlingTV capable device. The decision was probably one of my best purchases of the year. Now I can watch 4k content and stream videos without any lag.
I absolutely love this tablet,with a price you cant beat!
Nice little system for everyday uses. Haven't had any issue yet. Gonna try some things to see wut it can do
This one was purchased as a gift and the family absolutely loves it.
I like it but can get more info I use google. Can't answer very many questions. The music feature is works well.
I own a Kindle Fire and an iPad and I have a hard time reading them on the beach due to the glare. This Kindle Reader is small enough to fit in your purse to take anywhere to read. Love it!
Best Value I've experienced in years. Great Quality for small cost.
I use Alexa all the time to set temperature, water the lawn, play music. This is definitely a product worth having if you have a smart home.
We got a pair of kindles for our daughters. They love everything they can do with them. My wife and I are now able to use our iPads.
This device is very easy to use and it's also fast and so many movies to choose from! I would highly recommend this to anyone!
Purchased and installed item onto Kindle but am still trying to figure out how storage onto new SD card works. I know it is me, but I think I will have to return to store to get someone to show me how to operate.
Highly recommend this box best box I have ever had
I would recommend this product to anyone that loves reading e-books.
My wife is a book person, but she has really taken to the kindle.
Excellent streaming device offered at a reasonable price.
My first one didn't work, but was easily exchanged at Best Buy. New one works great, I watch streaming tv on it thru the PS Vue app. The Fire box is much quicker and smoother than the Fire stick.
At first I had Amazon Fire stick but I had too many problems with the screen freezing. Having some memory solved the problem. My router is in the basement 2 floors down. My only gripe is I haven't found a way to organize apps or shows like Apple TV. Got this so I could get PS Vue. Now I have programming I like in addition to Amazon Prime programming. I do get concerned with the possible data usage fees that major internet providers keep trying to impose. Otherwise I'm happy with the device.
I got this for $33 on black friday. It was a great deal, but the ads are kind of annoying. Ads go away after you turn the tablet on, but it is a bit distracting at times. However, it is a small price to pay for such a nice tablet. It is a nice little device to keep on hand for web browsing and watching Netflix before bed.
I like the tablet. This is my 2 and tablet the first was a zeepad. Zeepad was a piece of you know what. I like the Fire though.
Not my first Kindle but my third of this model. Keep buying them for family!Really the best model out there for ease, weight, flexibility.Cannot recommend it enough.
I had the book e reader when it first came out and then I opted for a mini iPad but the lighting and reflection on the iPad made it difficult to read both at night time and day time when sunny. I did not realize how lightweight the kindle voyage is until I got it in the mail. Super easy to use and easy to transport! And best of all... Reading on the kindle voyage does not strain my eyes. Highly recommend this to my avid readers out there!
Love talking to Alexa to tell it to control temp, what to play , what to mix
Love the compact size, ease to read, ability to easily access library and back lighting makes this a great product.
The Echo is and has the potential to completely change our way of doing things in our home. From music to grocery lists, to calendar events and home security. We are just beginning to explore the many capabilities of this product and we are enjoying every minute of it.
It is useful and quite light weight. This tablet is much more than my expectation. Besides, my eyes feel very comfortable to read article on it.
I love it! Perfect size to carry with me in my purse.
Easy to use once I realized I needed to hold longer to turn the kindle off.
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! Works great for YouTube, Netflix and adding a few games. Easy to learn how to use and no "accidental" purchases can be made if you use the option to switch user accounts.
Really good for KIDS use kids lock so they don't see what the don't suppose to see love this
My kids used the fire on a resent trip abroad . It works great for sending e-mails using the wifi and playing games.
Bought as a gift for a disabled relative. She loves it.
The Amazon Fire HD 8 is an awesome device. THE PRICE OF THIS TABLET IS MIND BOGGLING!! This tablet has everything you would expect and want in a tablet and more. It has Amazon Store and Amazon Prime preloaded. It's so much fun and so easy to use. THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS TABLET IS UNBELIEVABLE. You never stop thinking about the modest price you paid for such a fantastic tablet. It feels comfortable in your hands. The design is nice. The size is adequate for all tablet use. You can expand the memory storage of this device an additional 240GB. Can you believe it? Outstanding!!
Me and my husband love them ..we bought 2 for our kids and they love them so easy to use .... and the kids profile is great the tangerine is a great bright color too
This tablet is amazing! Easy to use, great tablet to use for skyping. I don't have any trouble with this tablet when using it overseas, clear video call from here in states to overseas!
This was such an awesome purchase. I'm constantly asking her to play different music, sending messages, set timers and even use her just as a speaker for my iPad. She even has learned the music I like and makes suggestions. I plan on purchasing the additions for light switches to utilize it even more.
I found the Fire tv great and I really am satisfied I recommend it to all my friends and family
The Amazon Echo does everything for us from setting our thermostats to turning lights and tvs on and off. We recommend it to anyone looking for something that will help make your smart home products even smarter.
Good deal and a great price. Wish the Geek Squad knew more about combining kindle accounts
She loves to be on the tablet all the time . So now she will have her own.
Works great in my kitchen, so helpful with tasks..
I have wanted one of these since they first launched. My children uses it as well by playing songs, daily words, jokes, etc. The technology is so amazing I also ordered Echo Show and I used it to make video calls. The sound is quite impressive and the range of the microphones is surprising.
Great device and deal, specifically for the little ones
I am absolutely in love with my alexa echo, she is so easy to use and her voice recongination never gives me any trouble
fire TV has everything anyone would need for their digital entertainment. It's easy to set up and easy-to-use
Addons loaded very fast and was very impressed with the processor speed. Would buy again.
Bought as a gift for a person's first tablet. They love it. Easy to use and as many popular apps as any other devices. Highly recommended.
This is a great centerpiece for your smart home. Has the ability to control so many devices with more abilities coming. Also has an impressive speaker for such a small device.
Its a great tablet. Its easy to use and connect to wifis.
I needed something to download and to read books and didn't want a large bulky item. This product was perfect for that. Also easy to use for a Boomer.
always learning new things that it can do to make my life easier! if the speaker was just a little louder it would have gotten 5 stars.
The Amazon Echo has amazing voice recognition tech.
We love asking alexa stupid questions and its nice to just say what you want to listen to and it does it
Great price for tablet. Son loves it. Easy to use.
This was a replacement for another fire. It's the best tablet we've had and does everything we need it to.
At first I thought is was going to be great because of all the apps it had. Late I discover that all of those great apps I felt in love with needed to be purchased and pay a membership. Even though it was good for a first time tablet.
I purchased this Kindle Fire 7 on sale. It was a no brainer. It is faster than my 2012 Fire HD 7 thought the screen resolution cannot compare to the 2012 Fire HD 7. Screen resolution is adequate and for my use as an every day ereader, web browser, email it is perfect. I haven't used the cameras so cannot comment. I tested them out and they seem OK.
The amazon fire hd is really nice. Does everything I need it to
I needed a tablet that both he and I could work with, and the Amazon fire has been a perfect fit!
This is great for reading books. Works well in sunlight.
I absolutely love my Amazon box. It's user friendly and affordable. I already have recommended this item to several people.
Purchased to supplement my 4k Tivo & older Apple Tv - very pleased with channels and processor speed ! Attached to 4k 50" Vizio - Sharp output when connected to 4k HDMI input on Vizio.
comes with tons of stuff and you can download a ton more best money I've spent in a while
Bought to use with Kindle. Works fine! Good quality and charges the kindle quickly.
We have an echo a tap and a dot and love them all.
My daughter loves her tablet I love free time love the case it came with just right to buy for a kids first tablet
I bought this product as a Christmas gift and the person who received it loves it. They use it for their kids entertainment.
Its hands-down is the best advice for smart home today. From controlling lights to music and security systems echo has it all! I would highly recommend this for anyone who is starting off with their smart home.
Quick and easy to install and simple to use my 6yr old knows how to work it
My family got this for Christmas, and I was worried they would like it and/or use it. Boy, was I wrong! They love it and use it everyday. Love all the things it can do -- get one!
I'm still figuring out what this gaget will do. It's going to be fun finding out.
it's very useful and comfortable! I like it so much.
The Amazon Fire Tablet is great for the price. Great stuffing stockers.
Amazon fire is the best one out the roku and Apple TV bedside it accept bird party apps ( if u know what I mean)
good buy
You can quickly amplify the voice of a lecture or turn it up for a party. Not only that, you can set alarms for naps with your voice and no longer have to worry whether your alarm is on.
Works great. Easy to set up. Use with app on Iphone, Bought plug for lamp and use it to turn off and on even when not home.Speakers are excellent. Picks up voice even from far away. I recommend this product.
Works great for all your online streaming needs ..
Excellent product I love the back light on my kindle
This tablet is a great option for a child as the padded case provides excellent drop protection. The Kindleized Android is very limiting though as you cannot stream to a Chromecast and many other things you can do with a regular Android tablet (Play Store). Space is also limited (even on the large version).
Bought it for my son for Christmas and he uses it all the time. Great product for the price.
Good tablet for basic use. It is great for traveling.
This is a great tablet for kids to uses for downloading games and using the internet.
This tablet is a nice budget friendly device that is also rugged. It has survived countless falls from my 3 yr old. He loves it and it keeps him learning for hours.
I like this product this is a recommended item and I wo
Great tablet great price nice clarity would recommend to others
i use my echo to control my automated home and luv it!
As expected. I am very happy with this. This serves the purpose
I think this would be a great tablet for kids, I bought it for my smart Chromecast TV but it wasn't compatible but my kids love it
Nice tablet for the price. Just wish it had bluetooth.
Amazon Echo is definitely the cat's meow in smart speakers. So far I've not had any issues in set up or use. Great speaker
I'm glad I finally got one. Hard to get around Christmas time
This is great fun. Finding out the local weather while you're having coffee is easy. Listening to your favorite songs and changing the volume by just a spoken word is a dream.
I really like the amazon echo I use it mostly for music and askin questions. I also check the weather and traffic updates.I am still learning how to use more options on Alexa.she's highly addicting.
Works well my little loves it,battery life great..
EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND THE PRICE IS EXEPTIONAL.THE UNITS IN STOCK AND GRATE FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE.
Was a Christmas gift and I ended up returning it because it wasn't exactly what I was looking for.
Good speaker, great interface with amazon. I use it to turn off and on lights, play music, talk from room to room, it's handy.
The words on the screen are very clear. If a hardcopy book's type is too small I can read it on kindle because I can make the size bigger. Read many positive reviews of the ease of use, page turner, special functions and clear display that I was convinced to buy the kindle voyage
great price, great screen and resolution, easy to use and good performance for less than $50.
Bought this for my 8 year old for Christmas. She loves it. She's been playing on it since she opened it.
Decided to go with the Fire TV because of wireless issues and couldn't be happier.
Amazing device. I got it for 35 bucks on Black Friday. Plays all games the kids want. Snappy and fast. Great for kids and adults. Love the Amazon kindle.
Great deal. We bought these so that our niece and nephew could watch movies. We were able to load some movies on a memory card and insert it into the fire. Works great.
I've made my home into a smart home and the echo and echo dot we boght make it easy to control all aspects of the home.
Pricey? Yes... For serious readers and users of library e-books, completly worth it. While nothing beats a real book experience, traveling 4 days plus per week nothing beats the portability and ability to add from the library or Amazon on the fly... Never have to seek out light to read by (a noticeable improvement in the backlight), exceptional direct sun readability, not affected by polarized sunglasses... Great battery life... Great build quality... I expect it to last a long time... Only upgraded as I lost my last kindle on the train.
This device was easy to use. It was as it was described.
Gave this gift to my girlfriends dad for Christmas and he absolutely loved it.
I love this. We love to travel and now I can download a bunch of books to read on our trips. Now that I have this I don't know how I survived those long flights without it.
This is a new tab upgrade for me as I have had my previous Kindle for over 7 years and love it.
I have the Amazon dot, which is great. But after purchasing the tap, which was on sale too, I was sold. You can take it any where. And the sound is great!!!
I am so happy I bought this I have firestick also and love to stream Netflix works amazing and much faster than firestick
I mainly got this united to task advance of Spotify Connect but the unit would lockup if I tablet or phone that I using times out. I have to reboot the device in-order for spotify to recognize the Fire device again.
Bought it for my mother. Relatively user friendly for someone not too familiar with smart phones and such. She seems to like it although she complains about the speed and size of the screen at times. She also likes the size though since it can easily fit in a medium to large purse. The touch screen is responsive and it has the essentials that she needs. It feels and looks nice. The App Store is ok for simple use. It's a great price for a simple, beginner, or kids tablet. I would probably purchase something more powerful for my own use.
my kids love it. It fast and the camera is great. Easy to use
I like everything about this product I bought for daughter and she loves it
Had all kinds of problems in registering it and getting it to work Had Customer service from Best Buy, Amazon and my internet provider trying to help, but to no avail.
Got this for $35 on Black Friday. Even if I paid full price I'd be more than happy with it. Nice and portable and does everything you'll need.
I bought the Fire for my wife after she started getting headaches in the evening doing Facebook and email on her iPhone. The larger screen on the Fire makes it easier on her eyes and her headaches are gone.
The new Kindle Paperwhite is such a great improvement Love it so much!!!
Item work well and was easy to read from in day light
Amazing product. Easy to use and set up. Bought one for all my family members after I purchased mine
The device is very useful and entertaining but if you doesn't interact with the Internet like Siri.What you see in the commercial is what you get.
I got this for my 7 year old great grandson for games and education. He really enjoys it.
Great for ppl that use Amazon and Amazon products. The price was great to.
This was a Christmas present. The person that received it was very happy with it.. She has other Kindles but this new one is an obvious improvement over the previous ones.
Inexpensive and light-weight. Very nice. Brightness for reading is appropriate.
I got this for my nephew,. It great durability since ithas survived this long.
Great price. Maybe too small for those who need reading glasses but refuse to wear them during usage of tablet.
volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.
Exactly what I orederd a great product I have ordered 3 of these from Best Buy.
Bought to use for recent travel. Was able to download several movies and TV shows from Netflix. Seems to have decent storage. Video playback was fine.
The movie I got was a good one, and I always buy my movies at Best Buy. They are the best places to go buy movies. And other electronics.
Good product great price.best buy rep was good help
Love to listen to music based on artistGreat to have on patio also
I bought this for my daughter who has Down's Syndrome. It was an inexpensive first time tablet for her. She absolutely loves it and is always watching her shows and videos. It is easy for her to navigate and understand.
This is a great product. Suitable for all ages. I love using this because of the I find something new everytime I use this. I would grade this an a plus.
I was even able to get the Google play store on it. Returned though since there was no option to leave the display always on.
I had the original Kindle. It lasted a long time. Juts got this paperwhite kindle. It's really 100% better. Strongly recommend it.
Great tablet for kids. Big choice of apps, great price.
Still learning how to use all the features. Searching is a breeze. Can search by many options. Have used it by actor, movie title, or show title. It will bring back what is available and sometimes advises of other sources (ie. Netflix). The voice search feature is a homerun! No more typing in the name without a keyboard!
It's a kindle...great kindle for a great price. Expandable memory can be used to expand your movie or game library. It also has great sound and picture quality.
Tablet met all her needs! She loves it! Great purchase
Can't beat for price,feels expensive but isn't. Does all the basics
My daughter has had an Echo for sometime now and I have always wanted one. I was, however, really surprised when I received one of my very own from my Son for Christmas.
I purchased this firetv device so I can stream watch cable channels using PS VUE. The PS Vue interface on this device is very similar to the PS4 version. The only other app I use is Netflix and both apps works great so far.
I live on my fire tablet and love this one, great graphics and speed
Excellent sound and voice recognition, would recommend to friends.
I bought this item for my granddaughter for her birthday,, she really liked it..
I like amazon fire tv it is good. but some times it is little slow and that is why I am giving it 4 star.
This is a great tablet for young and old alike. It has a track record of reliability and ease of use at a great price.
My son brought me the Echo for my birthday and I absolutely love it. Would recommend this product to everyone
This tablet is a great, all-in-one device. It does everything my husband (and my three children, and myself) need. This was the fifth Fire I've purchased in the last 3 years.
This is a great device for leisure entertainment. I really enjoy the games and applications that allow me to surf the web.
But you do get what you pay for. Charging cable doesn't work anymore and charging port is messed up. Other than that, good device.
This product is great! It allows me to watch whatever I want to watch from old TV shows to movies in the theater. I love this product.
I love that I can read all my books on here and search the internet!
Purchased 2 of these and am real satisfied with them!!
alexa is a great gift have given to family and friends always a great feedback
Loving it so far. Easy to use considering I'm not super tech savvy.
Excellent tablet. Love the size. Fits perfectly in my purse. I would recommend this tablet.
My daughter loves it! She spends hours upon hours on it!
Yes most people have iPhones and tablets to read on but I find it easier to focus and the new paperwhite screen is crystal clear in any light.
I was expecting something more intuitive, moving to google..
The tablet is fast and my daughter loves it. She can play on it and also read books.
Great product - would recommend to anyone. Love Best Buy and their experienced staff.
I bought this tablet for my son (10 years old) and he loves it perfect price and size for him... With Amazon's underground app store he has almost unlimited amounts of free games he can download and also movies with the external storage is perfect.
The tablet is great and has some great features. I love it!
Bought as a gift for my 86 yr old mom to stalk her kids and grandkids on FB. She mastered it in a few.minutes with minimal instruction. Now I have to watch my posts.
This replaced a paper white that was several years old and acting up. I love the paper whites because I can read them anytime anywhere.
I purchased three of these tablets to give away at work. So, while I don't have any firsthand experience, I have asked my team how they liked them.It uses the Amazon app store (of course), which is fine but doesn't even compare to the Google Play store. Even though, there are a lot of options and most big apps (Netflix, hulu, etc.) are all supported.There is also removable storage. It is very nice to be able to add a memory card to expand your memory. This is a feature a lot of tablets stopped offering.All in all, these tablets are in expensive but more reliable and sturdy than other knock off tablets from different brands. Amazon made a great bargain tablet.
Simple to use. Easy to sit up. And a lot of fun for entertaining guests and kids.
I bought the 2-pack so my significant other and I can play our personal music in different parts of the house.. it was easy to set up and Alexa answers most of my questions intelligently! I am very pleased with my purchase and I know there will be applications to add to the basic system...
I've started to allow this device to grow on me. Yes I saw some color variation but either my eyes have adjusted or it's gone away. I'm back to reading like I used to and love it!
The Amazon Tablets are the best out there and at the best prices. Full tablet functionality and access to all the Amazon media. Can't lose with these tablets.
The echo is a nice product and many options are with it
Very good item can watch thousands of movies and tv shows
A great tablet for not a lot of money. Does what the more expensive tablets does for less.
This is a nice simple tablet for the price. Good enough for basics. The graphics are better than I expected.
We like the Fire better than Roku. We also prefer the ease of use over the funtionality of our new Sony 4K TV.
great tablet well worth the price which was a deal on black friday
Bought as gift for senior. Setup process could be easier.
Bought this kindle for my 75 yr old mother. She loves it.
I bought this tablet on Black Friday for an awesome price. Could beat the price for a quality tablet
Seamless transition from old device. Easy to use. Completely happy.
I liked this tablet very much. Actually bought one for me and one to gift to my cousin. Hope she will like it too
Great item for a great price. You can't go wrong..
Works great, good battery I wish it was a little bigger but I loved the $50 price! Completely worth it
I bought this tablet as a gift for my mother-in-law, who is not very tech-savvy. She already owns a laptop, but was interested in getting a tablet to use while watching TV, rather than a whole laptop. She also travels around quite a bit, so having something light she could take with her was a big plus. I've owned a couple Amazon tablets before, so I had an idea of how they worked, and I wanted something at a low price point, so I decided on this. So far, she loves it! A couple of important points:-The low price point comes at the cost of hardware. After using my Fire HDX, this tablet felt just a little slow, but not excessively so. It performed better in basic tasks (loading apps, web browsing, etc) than I expected based on my experiences with other tablets at similar price points.-As an Amazon tablet, this runs a modified version of Android, but does NOT have baked-in access to Google services (including the Google Play Store). You will be restricted to Amazon-approved apps, unless you sideload apps on your own, or are able to get access to Google services yourself. Popular apps like Netflix, Skype, and Facebook are all present, but the selection pales in comparison to native Android.
I tried a few Samsung tables they were junk and I paid 4 times the price for those. this out preformed them 10 fold and was 1/4 of the cost. Still not quite an iPad but for the price there is probably nothing better. Free time for the kids is a great feature.
I have had each of the models released and this current one with the 300 ppi is the best so far. Reading screen is excellent. Fonts are crisp and clear.
You will have a lot of fun playing with echo during the holidays
The Fire TV box definitely connects faster when using for streaming well worth the money at Best Buy.com definitely recommend it. No buffering, Stable!
I found this device was easy to hook up, also easy to navagate perfect box for beginners and advanced users
while the price was great the tablet is filled with advertising and is getting slower and slower with usage...
Has been very good Have watch more movies than I ever have in my life. Has so much stuff on it I haven't seen all of it but find something new on it everyday has so much to explore!!!!!!
works great for reading or playing games it connects to the web fast and responds very well
Am happy with my purchase and the item is being used by my brother's son and he is also happy as on dat
I have an LG tablet but picked up this one for my Dad and after messing with it for a while it's very nice,. I think I like it more the my LG g pad!
Loving my Christmas gift - best gift that I've received in awhile. I love the ease of downloading books and having something new to read at any given time.
I'm using it with kodi and so far have not had any complaints. I bought a 32gb ad card for more memory but can't tell yet if it's helping.
The tablet I bought was not what I expected and I wanted to return.
i been using it for weeks and overtime i love it more and more!!! the voice control makes it really easy.
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great device to have while flying on long trips. It helps to past the time and it is very easy to use and transport in your personal luggage.
Lost my "paper white" in airplane, have to buy new one. Voyage is latest model, I like it. Friend of mine wants one as well with my recommendation, so, bought two. Nice to have them!
We bought this item to be a raffle prize for our Unions annual Holiday party. Winner was excited to get it. Black Friday week deals made it hard to pass up.
Bought this for Christmas for our 9 year old son, to take to school and out to restaurants. It was his favorite Christmas present. 6 times cheaper than an I-Pad mini, but he loves it as much as his full size I-Pad, but this is much more portable and smaller.
works great once I figured it out. Books are easy to download.
This works a lot faster than a fire stick love the product
Great sound for a little device. Definitely expensive, but if you can get it on sale I would definitely recommend this device. But, you must have wi-fi in your home.
This does what is suppose to do, and I haven't had not over issue with it... I give it a thumbs up!
I purchased this tablet on a discounted price as an alternative for RC tablet. The operating system is not good, very slow response, apps takes a lot of time to open. Many of the apps like youtube is not made for fire OS, so my little one has a difficult time handling it. After 2 months, I got him RC tablet.
I first bought the Kindle Paperwhite with the 300dpi screen, I didn't think the jump to the Voyage was worth the $80 plus additional taxes. I read about the Voyage and with Georgia having the back to school tax free days and the e-readers qualifying I returned the Paperwhite and purchased this one. Boy am I glad I did.
Good economic solution for a tablet to surf the web when neeeded.
Durable case, easy to use. My grandkids watch nursery rhymes and play educational games. I've seen the youngest stand on the Fire and it is still perfect
Good tablet for cheap. Has a lot of functions that are useful
Need Amazon account and bank account to use tablet. Bank card should be verified. Cheap product with terrible graphic. I returned that next day. Totally waste of money.
Awesome product. Lightweight and easy to carry. Love it
Very easy and convenient way to always have a book with you to read.
i bought this for my daughter who is 7 yrs old, she enjoys reading,
I was initially excited to get the Kindle. I am extremely disappointed with all the ads. Even more disappointed to find out that I could pay Amazon more money to remove the ads. It's frustrating that Best Buy and more specifically Amazon, don't let the consumer know on the box or in store advertising that what you're buying is a mini advertising billboard. Why couldn't there be an upfront statement on the box or in the store stating that the "low price" is subsidized by all the ads on the device? Would this have changed my purchase? Absolutely!!!! I would have spent a couple bucks more and probably got a Samsung tablet.
I like the amazn tv because it allowes me to watch everyhting using one device
We bought the Echo after visiting relatives that had one. Had so much fun we just had to have one too!!
This is a great device and it streams better than the usual fire stick.
This is a great tablet for my 3 year old grandson. The cover is great in that, if he drops it, it won't break! Great buy
Love my new paperwhite Kindle reader . Easy to read anywhere with touch screen pages and built in light.
A kindle is great you can do alot on it reading books, getting on the internet, playing games just like a tablet.
Small and easy to use. This was a great value on black Friday.
I love the Amazin FireTV stick! I have one in every room of the house and don't have to worry about a cable bill ever again.
My family and I have been using multiple devices to listen to music and other types of entertainment for awhile. We are trying to get more out of some of the smart devices we own, so this was a good first step to integrate various devices we already use into a voice controlled assistant.
Grandson used a borrowed one at school. So now has his own .
You can read books as well as browse the internet. It has cameras too.. Good buy and a recommended gift!!
Good value for the money...easy to set up and use. Would recommend to anyone
This is really a great product. Ask whats on your mind to Alexa, and she answers.We have enable many skills for echo, and all of them are very amazing.Wish it can have a context building module, which it can remember and build some context.Other than that this product is very good, volume and sound is superb, louder than portable bluetooth devices.I like the white color better than black color.
This is thing is awesome next best thing to having cable the tv show and movie content is tremendous with the Kodi app I would highly recommend this to anyone Firestick or firetv ditch the dish and get Firetv!!!
This is great. It's pretty quick, it works, has USB connections for data, or for a mouse + keyboard, it's small, strong and neat. 4K is okay... but still not a ROKU 4 in terms of screen quality in my opinion. Although Fire is feels a little snappier, less noisy and heats less than the ROKU 4. I like it and will obviously keep it, but 4 stars just because there's room to improve it to be a nicer 4K streamer.
Love this tablet. Bought it to be my touch screen remote for my harmony hub, but use it for so much more now.
Tablet was everything I expected and some. Great product for the price.
Small, compact, great for the beach. Easy to read in the bright sunlight.Love it, you won't be disappointed.
Maybe I had higher expectationin general i will not recommend since the service of Amazon solving situations is not as good as in other products, I've had so much troubles with the amazon free time, I am even not longer using it (it was one of the "big" features on the advertisment. I will recommend to look for other alternatives before to take a decision on buying this product
We like the battery endurance. The new 8" screen is great too.
Got two for my kids for Christmas and they're awesome! And also got lucky they scanned to $20 less than advertised price! Woo!
Easy to use for all kids. My daughter so happy to play her favorite games
Lots of enjoyment. Beautiful speaker great sound great listening pleasure
This reader is perfect for my needs. It is light weight and very easy to hold. Books are easily downloaded and sync with my iPad and iPhone. I would recommend purchasing a cover.
I love the Amazon echo. I use it every day for news and weather updates. I listen to music with it and it's sound is really good. I have now purchased 5 of them for other family members and we talk back and forth through the echo.
Excellent sounds, microphone can pick up my voice from across the room.
purchased for a little guy, and i am very pleased with it!!
Lost' my original Kindle...This was the replacement!
Outstanding product at a great price. I previously hand a Kindle reader and the 7" Fire is a much improved product.
This tablet is a steal if you get the chance to pick one up and you need s good reliable basic tablet this be the one. Don't walk, run to Best Buy to pick it up.
got this newer charger as it was indicated to charge faster than the one that came with my fire hdx 8.9 4th generation tablet. well i am currently using this new charger and am getting alerts on the fire tablet that i am hooked up to a low power charger it is plugged directly into the wall socket with the 5ft micro-usb cable i also just bought for it. this is not right. is it junk is it false advertising is the fire tablet wrong in its notification what is the deal amazon. i have been a loyal user but this is really not right.
Use it all the time. Simple to set up and start using.
My son told me about this product and spoke highly so we purchased for grandchild. Very satisfied.
I love my new kindle. My husband bought it for me to replace the first kindle that came out. This one is so light to hold. I use it for reading, surfing the web, and listening to music, I am sure it does more. I highly recommend this kindle.
The fire tv box streams really well and might just be better than my Roku 3.
Bought it on black Friday for 60$ .Value for money tablet. It lags at heavy tasks and also apps are reloaded when 2-3 apps are opened at same time. But at this price it is expected. Go for it if budget is <100$.
My younger sibling loved this tablet I got for him he is always on it and can also read on it
This has a nice screen with good color. Also easy to manuever around the apps
Used to older format takes getting used to but good overall
I have really enjoyed binge watching shows on Netflix and exploring all the options I have with the fire stick.
They are great! Kids love them! They play all there games.
I was a total smart technology novice when I purchased my lil' tablet on Black Friday for abt.35 bucks...did not own a single smart gadget -- I still have a dumb phone. I am pleased to say that the lil' tablet is pretty easy to use and does lots of fun tricks, so to speak. Thank you lil' tablet for bringing me, painlessly, into the 21st. century! I would certainly recommend it to a beginner like myself and I don't think it is beneath the consideration of a tech saavier person.
Bargain for the price. Long battery life. The screen quality is good. I use this tablet everyday.
seems a lot better, does not have the open cover feature, which I miss, but still getting used to the differences and trying to get my thing back on that I had on the old 1
Great for hooking up with Pandora. Needed music in home as swapped out our receiver for a sound bar (also from Best Buy).
I bought this for my granddaughter who is 2 and was able to load all the apps and books as well as her Disney movies. So far she has been unable to access anything that I don't want her to. And it has been able to withstand frequent toddler abuse.. Aka.. Throwing it. Definitely recommend.
I got this for my dad for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. !!!
I love it!!! Bought my daughter one for college and she swears by hers.
This device is for me the best streaming device out there.
I like my new amazon fire. Great price for a tablet. I choose it for my daughter Christmas gift. Since she is 7 years old, she need to study a lot on some apps her school required. She love play apps games too. It's a must.
Very nice tablet for the price. Built in storage is limited but easily expandable with a microSD card. The Freetime app for kids is excellent. Overall I would recommend this tablet.
Very pleased with this purchase. I no longer need cable tv service since I purchased this. Easy to set up. Simple remote control.
I was impressed with the overall of this Kindle, it has so many nice features and easy access.
Love Alexa. We currently have three devices that we use on a daily basis. I use one at work basically for streaming music. Great device. No problems connecting to any of them.
Easy to install, just requires internet connection. If you have an amazon prime account you have access to all kinds of movies and shows like a hulu or netflix account would work. There are also apps that you can download and purchase that will alllow you to watch other shows and even play games. Since installing the firestick we have gotten rid of one cable box because we can just watch so many other things on the firestick and have helped cut down on our bills. Who doesn't like saving money?
We purchased the Echo as a gift. It was easy to setup and works well. The only complaint has been we can't seem to get it to work with the Nest thermostat. Otherwise we love it.
Bought it to replace my nephew's tablet that I broke. He loves it.
This is a perfect tablet for my 9 year old daughter we weren't looking to spend a whole lot of money since she has broke two already. The only thing I wish you could change is the home screen you can't customize it like most tablets but other than that great speed the camera is ok and the battery life is great.
The fire TV box is 10x's better than the firestick. It's faster , has more storage, and is less glitchy.
My old kindle charger works fine - that wasn't clear when I bought a new kindle white. And now you want to charge me 6.95 to send it back. Forget it!! I'll keep the extra charger
Great for the avid reader. Plenty of storage space and fun for basic internet activities.
Got for daughter, easy to use, easy to understand.
Ok, but sometimes alexa begin speaking without being asked, and sometimes light spins around when asked alexa a question without any answer.
These units get better and better. Lots of apps available. Easy to use. Easy to set up. Why pay 100's of dollars more for a smart tv that is restricted to only a few dozen apps. Amazon has thousands of apps from movies and tv shows, to games and entertainment. Great option for any tv in your house.
Bought on a whim because it was at Prime Day pricing. Pretty cool. Still getting used to all its features. Nice that it gets updated very often.
It is good. Some apps are not available. Easy to use.
This thing is awesome!!! Its very easy to setup and fun to use. The speaker sounds amazing and the microphone is incredible. I wish my siri could understand me as clearly and accurately as Alexa does. I can't wait to expand my whole house automation!
The Fire TV was very simple to setup and gives plenty of different viewing options. I currently subscribe to Netflix and Playstation Vue, both of which I can access on the Fire TV. I've also downloaded apps for ABC, HBO, Showtime, NBA TV, and others to expand my capability. Certainly worth the price even if you don't subscribe to Amazon TV.
The screen breaks way to easy it drop one time broke
Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
Very good product, just needs power on volume !!!!
This fire box is really saving me money from cable
The picture quality is great. It's easy to use and great for my home.
Great product. Works perfect and connects with my Logitech elite remote and controls music tv etc
The Amazon Fire 7" tablet is solidly built, dependable, and performs well in all areas. A great purchase.
Very happy with the overall design and the many options the fire has as far as the ability to assess different apps
Great product. Amazon got it again. Can browse everything I need with ease.
I have been so impressed and my kids love it as well.
If you want a simple tablet to watch shows and play games this is it. The constant ads from Amazon are annoying however.
Great reader for elderly. Bought this for my mother. She loves it
Sure. It's not an iPad, but it's only 50 bucks! Amazon is taking a loss on these in order to sell you their content. There are a few restrictions, like an advertisement on the lock screen and only access to Amazon's App store. These are small prices to pay for such a wonderfully performing tablet. Also, Amazon Underground gives you access to a ton of paid apps for FREE. If this is your first tablet purchase, it is definitely a winner. For those not new to the tablet world, it is definitely worth having just to carry around when you need it. You won't feel so bad if someone steals it or you lose/break it as opposed to an iPad. Just buy it already!
Great value. Daughter loves it. Easy to use and navigate for her.
The music and weather reports are terrific in addition to everything else.
I like my ECHO, she however will talk on her own sometime. Still getying used to it. We mainly use it fir the bluetooth so we can play mudic from Pandora and Youtube.
It does everything I need a table to do. And it is really fast..
I love reading my books on this kindle. a little slow on processing on the web.
We use it everyday! We love it! It is a vital part of our day. From asking traffic routes, grocery list to weather. We'd be lost without it.
I have been using the Amazon Echo for a few weeks now, I have to say its much more responsive then the Google Home when using home automation. A must have for any home.
I simply love my Fire TV. It is fast and has tons of free content with prime. The only complaint I have is that there is not one app that will link to my Ultraviolet library
Right size to carry anywhere, very good display to read, great camera, great to take on long trips with books and movies
It works perfect
Compared to previous generation kindle, this one is much user friendly and overall a good ereader.
This is a budget tablet that I purchased during Black Friday and for the price it can't be beat I use it strictly for music and don't have any problems. Excellent for kids doesn't cost much and if they break it you didn't invest much.
I have the echo and echo dot and use them all the time. I highly recommend them.
I got this for Christmas and love reading books on it. You get no glare and my eyes do not get tired. I previously used an ipad which was too bright and tired out my eyes. This reminds me of the real papers from a book.
This is a great product and I love listening to music on it. The sound is very good and when I want to listen to just one person I can. It plays that artist continually.
like that fact I can read my books and play some apps
Great tablet for destructive toddlers. My son has dropped and thrown it several times and it still works!...
Great device.=============================================
I have owned an Echo since they were first released. This purchase was a Mother's Day gift. My mom has limited mobility and loves her new Echo. She uses it every day, especially to stream music and check the weather.
Bought as a gift for my 70-year-old husband who reads a lot. He loves this way of reading books only accessible by Kindle.
I bought this to replace my kindle white and it's very good
Purchased this for our 8yo--she loves it! Had to return the 1st one after just.a few days as the screen would go black after typing in password--periodically. However, Best Buy traded it out for a new one!
I love Alexa. She works exactly like I thought she would. A must have for every home.
I think that this tablet is only good for reading books. It's not very fast, so you won't be able to do anything else.
Purchased this for Christmas for my daughter. Its small size allows it to be easily carried around and handled and she will enjoy reading kindle books on it.
We all really like Alexa, especially when cooking you just ask her a question without having to get your phone out. Music is great to listen to also
This is a great tablet for the price... Works excellent... Memory card capability makes it even better..
Perfect gift for my mom who loves to read. When the weather is bad, she can download books from the library without leaving the house!
Bought this for my five year old and she loves it.
Very easy to install. Great way to get the most benefits from amazon prime membership by watching movies and shows. So easy to use my 5 yo can use it!
Nice price drop to $139.00. Admittedly a device that makes your prime membership much more sticky but love accessing prime music through it
I am very satisfied with my Kindle Fire. I am amazed how good it is for the price. I am visually impaired and the voice over is excellent.
My Fire is compact and easy to use. Mainly used to read online books at lunch time. The battery lasts much longer than previous tablet I had and charges much quicker. very happy with my Fire.
I love having music whenever I want it plus the convenience of asking Alexa to order something or help me with a question. I received my Echo the day after I ordered it. Best Buy, you're the BEST!
Using it for reading ebooks on commute and watching youtube. What more can you ask for this price.
bought this for my wife for mothers day to replace another tablet that was tough to use as a reader outdoors. Battery last a long time which is good on long road trips.
Love my tablet was going to by laptop but bought this instead cause this is cheaper
Besides surfing online, making airfare , hotels, and rental cars reservation's, I am using banking online and able to make payments all my bills to a differents kind of business.
I bought this on Black Friday as a gift for my young son. It works as expected for the price that I paid sometimes freezes but for a young child it's perfect.
Easy to setup through the Alexa app. My wife uses to play music for her daycare children and my 8yr old daughter uses it none stop. Fun to ask silly questions to.
Fire Tv is the best stream box in the market, it's really easy to setup and if you are a prime member you'll love it
Very great tablet for a cheap price I love it I will recommend it to others
This tablet is a great buy. Very happy with it. Has many great features. I'm very pleased with my purchase. Will buy another for my grand daughter. I'm still learning all the great apps etc... Thanks so much.
Bought so I could cut my cable. So far, so good. Easy to use.
Good to have for smaller tablet use. Lightweight, easy to carry.
Love my kindle it does everything I wanted I to do.
I had the dot, but it wasnt loud enough. Ive used my sisters and fell in love with this one. She has the black one, so I got the white one & I love it. It blends in and works great.
Delivers on all counts. Lets me read anywhere I want and download easily from my local library digitally!
My 8 year old loves his fire he takes it everywhere we go!
Im happy with the over all uses of this tablet. It gives me comfort and easy to use. I even bought my mom one for mother's day. The tablet has a kids feature and my four year old daughter can watch and play with out changing my features.
And kodi loads fine. No issues. Had to upgrade Netflix to 4k
Easy to navigate & get acquainted with. Charges fast, holds charge! Very pleased
Bought for my son as a bridge between phone and computer. Fits in perfect
Is this the best Wi-fi speaker in this price range? No. Is it the coolest? Absolutely. The echo is easily one of the most unique gadgets I have in my house right now. It's pretty cool as a stand alone speaker but way cooler considering the smart capabilities of this device. My favorite part about the echo is that as time goes on it gets better not worse thanks to new skills being developed on a regular basis. The only complaint I would have with this speaker is that at high volumes the low end gets very distorted.
Mainly use for music and to-do/shopping lists. Inquiries about basic information are answered with accuracy, but more complex questions ("describe the limbic system", etc) are not answered. Sound is average.If you are looking for in depth answers, this device will disappoint you. Great for fairly common stuff.
This is very different from my other kindle it does so much more the read books.
This tablet is perfect for someone who just likes to cruise the web and play games! Perfect size and speed!
For someone with extremely weak eyes, Kindle is a savior! I love reading, but reading books is stressful for my eyes, because of the font and not proper lighting all the time. With Kindle, I always have the back light and the I customize the font of each book, so it's much easier on my eyes!
Easy set-up, We figure that we can cut our cable bill almost $80 - $100 a month by using this. Also getting more channels we will watch, instead of paying for the cable companies choices that we don't care for.
Best product for the price. User friendly and easy to use.
I got this tablet on a deal and has good quality of video you can watch.
I got this for my class! I love the setting for it! I have a child account so my students can only use the apps that I put! Awesome tablet!!
Me and my brother brought this for our mother on Mothers Day. She can't put this thing down, shout out to Amzon for this amazing product.
I am a big fan of this tablet, very functional for price
I love the Amazon Echo. Easy to use with great speakers.
Love it! And I don't even know all the bells and whistles yet! Would definitely recommend!! Learn something new about it every day!
I had purchased an Apple TV, most recent generation, and hated it. The touch screen was too touchy, and ultimately it just never functioned properly so I returned it (to Costco). Instead, I bought this product because it had all of the online channels (except Apple TV but who cares) and it has Alexa, which frankly is better than Siri (and I say that despite being very pro Apple).
I love my Kindle. I have dozens and dozens of books in the palm of my hand. The Paperwite screen is just like looking at a page on paper. No eye strain. Now, they just need to get the Paperwhite with color.By the way, when I received my device from the store, it was set up for the Russian language. But, I was able to fumble through the menus and change it to English.
Great for reading - nice image, easy on the eyes and lightweight.
I love my echo! I use it to listen to music and the timer the most. Its nice to get the weather and to use it w/ the Hue Lights to cut lights off and on. My daughter loves the tell a joke feature.
My mom was looking for a affordable tablet. I bought mine at best buy last November. I recommended the fire tablet and she loves it.
We bought two of these for Christmas for our girls and they have been great. Educational apps are easy to find and utilize plus Amazon prime access gives great selection of movies etc. frustrated with too many ads though so I only gave it 4 stars
Bought as a gift for parents who aren't tech savy but were able to use it with ease
We bought these knowing we had a couple of long plane rides ahead of us...we have not regretted them one bit. They are easy to use for the kids, come with lots of fun apps/games/books...Best part for us was being able to add a memory card, so we could add movies and as many apps as we needed without worrying about space.
For $35 you can't go wrong, even at the reg price of $50 I would recommend this to anyone. Does everything I need it to and more. Web surfing, emails and books all at your fingertips. The ability to download games, etc is just an added bonus. Prime is not needed but works great if you have it. I am forgoing the purchase of a case, because at $50 I could just buy a new tablet if anything ever happened to this one. Thanks amazon!
Could not get this to work with my chromecast so I returned it.
This is great. I can turn on music when my hands are dirty & turn it off with my voice. Alexa tells me a joke every day
I like the device easy to use. It does the job. I can use a regular keyboard too
My son loves this tablet for apps & games. Its perfect for kids & includes the ability to read which is great. Great price!
We have been using our Kindle Fire 7 for years and it wore out. We looked at replacing it with another Fire 7 until I saw the Fire 8. The display is great and the weight is not that big of a difference.
This was easy to install and is very easy to use. No complaints at all!
Bought this during the black friday sale for $35 and can't complain at all. Keeps my kids busy, and runs hearthstone, that's all I need.
I purchased this as a gift for my mother. Her first tablet and she loves it. Easy for her to navigate.
I like how easy is to watch movies, tv shows, and also play video games in this fire tv device i like it and really recommend this to anybody!
I have had several variations of the Kindle in the past. My most recent being a paperwhite. I have to say this is the best. The size and balance are better. The adaptable light feature and brightness is good. Screen quality and construction are both an improvement. The overall reading experience is much improved over the paperwhite.
Excellent resolution and speed. I love the easy usability of the new fire.
This is a great tablet for my teen. She loves it and the price can't be beat!
Alexa has a hard time answering. You need to download information online in order to build her data base.
After a week of using the Amazon echo I found myself using it less and less each day. I tried several times for it to do commands no luck. Save your money.
what to say - works
Excellent way faster stream you pay for what you get
Got it as an Xmas present for the brother in law. He loves it. Easy to read and play with
Bought it for my daughter she reads a lot she had the reader version for years but went blank
This device is small and compact and super light. The words really stand out and looks like a real book.
Got this mostly for watching Amazon content buy it works well as a game center for mobile apps too. Can't say enough good things about it--haven't got a UHDTV so can't comment on 4k.Lot of experience with Amazon products so setup and connecting were easy for me. Travels very easily -- small and lightweight. Ethernet cable works best, obviously, but I found hotel wifi pretty effective for streaming too.
this is the second paperwhite we've purchased and they are great especially for people who read in bed while others are trying to sleep!
Great streaming device with awesome games. Alexa works great
SIRI who is all I have to say. ALEXA is now my go to AI
Love the Blue color!!! Great Tablet to travel with. I also got the orange and purple color one, love the colors :)
Very happy with my purchase. The tablet works amazingly good for the price.
Good producti would tell a friend and family to buy
LOVE THIS! excellent product and sound quality. liked it so much bought another one for my son as a gift.
I would recommend this for kids ages 6 to 10. They can play al kinds of games that can be downloaded
Great system, one of the best android box out there.
I love this Echo. I can get football schedules and scores in a matter of seconds! I also use it to stream my SiriusXM radio, play relaxing meditations and music, and play games. I even had it sing "Happy Birthday" to my mom. Definitely a great purchase.
One of the best pieces of electronic I have purchased for my wife. She loves, the music, lists, information, etc. Got her a button for her jewelry room.
The specs are good, feels solid, can't stand the OS. Too many ads you can't get rid of, not as customizable as I'd like. If that doesn't bother you, it's a good tablet for the price. Don't expect to run games on it, not powerful enough for that.
My daughter loves playing with this. There are so many features, that it keeps her busy.
Enjoying easy selection of music and exploring her sense of humor. Have had many good laughs, from interesting interactions. Talk to her daily and my wife does not mind!
I love it hut I think I should have got the bigger one, but its entertaining
I got this as as gift and I am so happy with it. It is like having music on demand and so much more. Thanks honey
Great accessory to a house. I love how you can say just about anything to it and it has an answer or solution.
Works great, has a great display, easy to use. Rivals other more expensive brands.
I got two of these for my kids. If they break oh well. Good for a step up from leappad.
Love it for the price paid. Perfect holiday gift for kids and adults.
price is right easy to read books onlots of apps available
You cannot download any other internet service you're subject to very limited options to do things on it wish I could not have bought it
Bottom Line: You can stream TV from anywhere. This allows you to bring HD Television Home. Become an Amazon Prime member, its worth it. Prime allows Movies, Music and Shows into your handheld device and home. Never miss your favorite programs.
My 88-year-old sister-in-law spends many hours each day alone. She has macular degeneration and is not able to read or use a computer. The Amazon Echo has been a "friend and companion" by making it possible for her to get answers quickly to all the questions on her mind and to select music that she wants to hear.
Got this tablet for my 6 year old and she loved it. Easy to use.
I purchased 3 of these on the BLACK FRIDAY sale ($34.99 each) and received them in 2 days! Had to wait until Christmas to have them opened by my kids to see their potential. Great tablet and features (especially kid mode) but have only one complaint so far.....one of the tablets had a BAD DIGITIZER right from the start and had a horrible time trying to use the tablet. Hence only giving this item a 4 star rating as this issue should NEVER happen right out of the package. However Bestbuy is doing everything to make sure I'm a happy customer by "price matching" when the item is available (completely sold out everywhere). Other than that issue this tablet is user friendly, fast processing/web browsing, decent battery life and great WiFi connection (doesn't drop signal like other tablets). Would recommend!
The voice recognition is much better than suri, but I have reservations about amazon collecting all conversations, not just those that begin with "Alexa...".
This is my 3rd kindle and my 2nd kindle fire. I bought this fire because of the upgrade ability and my 1st fire didn't have that, Before I bought my 1st kindle, I compared all my choices and found this one to be the best for the money and I love my kindle so much I bought on for my daughter , It has a lot more then the original fire did, more Apps can be used, it connects to Goodreads, if you do that, which I do, and it has a camera. It's more like a tablet than just only a e-reader. A little different set up than the original fire but not that hard to get used to, buttons are bigger for the power and the volume, which is a plus.
Functional, but be sure the the USB cable is firmly installed in the base to get a connection.
Loving this item, it can play all of my favorite music and I got it on a great deal, I love best buy deals!
Reciever of this really likes and and says its a step up from the fire hd7, so I guess that is what counts.
We mostly use our Echo to play Jeopardy and check the weather. That seems stupid, but it's really nice to have in the house. We also like to send messages to our friends who also have an echo. I hope they integrate a better search database so we can eventually use Alexa like we use our Google Assistant on our phones. She doesn't know much without having the search the web and send the info to your phone.
Good Value for the money it cost.My teens love them.
This is my second Kindle. It's small, easy to hold, and fits in my backpack when travelling. Now I can read in any kind of light.
Bought for my 14 year old and she loves it. Reads books on in all the time
Kindles are great as long as your not expecting a tablet that's top of the line. So far no problems.
Amazon Echo is simple to use and very easy to set up.
This is my 3rd Echo purchase. Setup is a breeze, and Alexa is so helpful. We use her most often for kitchen timers, playing music and weather reports. Highly recommended!
everyone needs a little black box. Fun and interesting
This works just as advertised. Wonderful to use this in an another room.
I bought this product as a gift for my daughter and she absolutely LOVES it! She uses it to listen to her Spotify playlists while getting ready for school and doing homework. She even uses it to determine the weather for the day.
Kindle does everything as advertised. Easy on the eyes and great in sunlight.
It does perform functions as it is supposed to. It would be nice if it would play more than one song on command to do so. Also would be nice if it had a head phone jack.
I love this product. My kids love it. It is very to use and has a nice display.
The amazon fire TV let's me access all the apps that aren't available on my smart TV. Always quick and easy to use. Great device.
Already have a few other Alexas. Wanted on to be portable around the house without having to plug in or connect to another speaker. Works as expected.
I love the ability to make my shopping list by just telling Alexa to add the item. The shopping list is always with me on the phone app. When my kids use the last of something, they can add it to the list. No more forgotten items. It is the easiest way to find out the forecast for your day. Just ask, no more getting on the computer or checking your phone. Really good sound for playing Amazon music too. Just ask for a song and it plays.
Works very well I'm adding more home automation because of this.
Awesome tablet for a cheaper price. Does what a regular kindle does.
If you read - novels, biographies, anything - you need this! Free download of thousands of books from your local library... or email pdf's to a special email address and read them here. imagine being able to take 100's of books to the beach for a few ounces, and read them in full sunlight. The high resolution screen is great, as is the feature that lets me automatically sync the last page I was reading on my kindle with the Kindle reader on my android cell phone. I really like the convenience of the free 3G cellular coverage...
This is a great tablet for a very reasonable cost. The only place the ads show is on the home screen, once you open to the operating system the ads are gone. If you just want to surf the web, or do some reading this is the device for you.
The product was just what I thought it'd be. Worked right out of the box and installation.
I was so pleased with my Amazon TV Stick on my guest room TV, that I purchased the Amazon TV for my other TV. Awesome!! Awesome!! With those and the Google ChromeCast, I have the world of entertainment at my finger tips.
great tablet to replace kindle. Love the features.
It's a very nice tablet and very economic tool, my kids enjoy it and I love the parental controls too
Perfect gift for my mother and mother in law. Easy to use wonderful graphicsAwesome tablet
I got this device for my younger ones and honestly they enjoying the device. I love the screen resolution I'm happy they like it . Thanks Best Buy !!
This version has some advantages and upgrades compared to the previous version, but it is missing the optical audio out. Outside of that the device works fine, just not a fan of Amazon's version of Android. Still a good deal for what it is.
this is a great tablet for the price. It is a little bulky, the amazon ads are a little annoying (with some work i think they can be removed) i love the blue shade filter for reading, streams video and browses the web with no problemsall i can ask for given the cost
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
I purchased 2 of this Amazon Tablet for my 2 kids - 4 & 3yrs old.They just can't keep there eyes off this they fondly call IPAD.My wife laugh every day when they tell her to recharge their IPAD.
This product is exactly as I expected it to be! No complaints!
I bought this tablet to stream music in my hair salon. Works perfectly for what I need it to do. Love it !
Bought this for my niece as her first tablet. She was so excited!!
Love everything about it. It is a handy device and is a great speaker.
This tablet performs surprisingly well, especially considering it's just $50. The HD screen produces good images & great video. I own two iPad Minis, and I must say that while this is not quite as exotic as the Mini, the price makes it the better value hands down. One key feature is that it has a micro SD slot, which allows you to instantly increase storage capacity (up to 128GB, I believe). This makes it very capable of managing large amounts of photos & videos.
This device is awesome. This was the first box we bought that allowed us to download whatever apps we wanted. The first apple tv didn't allow that. I also love that it is android and therefore much more open than apple. Amazon has a decent amount of stuff with prime that adds to netflix and hulu if you are into watching shows by the season.
Cant beat it for the money, plus its very durable....
Glad I made this purchase, limitless in potential for automation through out the house, great entertainment tool.
Purchased the Amazon Fide HD8 as a gift for my dad, who has been overjoyed with it. The display looks great and it offers him access to many of the features he looks for in a tablet, from e-books, streaming video or online shopping. The price is low because Amazon's OS is restrictive, but for simple or specific needs, this product is great.
This is a vvery good device that serves its purpose extremely well and a at aprice thats afforadable and well worth it i would recomend it to friends and family
This is a solid tablet that does everything you would want from a portable device to do
This is a great tablet for my kid he can watch and play all the games for his age
Bought for my daughter, she loves it, uses it for music mainly.
Works great with a prime account. Get 1 free book per month. only problem is if you have 2 tablets you both have to share the same book. Works great with my local library..(Remember those?)
Very good product. Working perfectly. Nice design!
The Amazon Echo is a wonderful piece of technology. I recommend it for anyone from tech expert to novice.
I added this to my echo collection great for on the go and around the house. I don't like that you have to tap it to activate
Worth the price. Very light and love that it's personal
Best E reader i have owned yet. Definitely worth the money
grandson really enjoyed it Christmas. very easy to use
I am a long time Kindle user. I also have a Kindle Fire 8. I keep buying the newer versions because I like the product very much.
Great gift for a young teen.tereat price. Terrific.
i love my tablet. would shop at best buy again no matter what i need
I love this product it is simply amazing. I has so many options for adding games and apps.
The fire tv box is the best and fastest steaming player out in the market. Have 4 devices in my house and got rid of my direct tv subscription. It's the best.
A+ I would highly recommend this product. It is easy to use.
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
This devices is great for storing all my amazon books. It is also very light and portable. Simple to use as well.
Brought amazon fire tablet for granddaughter she love it hours of fun
I have one issue with this tablet. What headphones work with this tablet? I used a pair the first time to watch a movie and they worked fine. When trying to view a movie again none of the headphones are working on this tablet. I have tried multiple headsets with no success. Please Help!
Gave as Xmas gifts and received very positive responses.
Good for on the go. Keep in mind that some apps are not compatible due to it being Amazon and not Android. Overall a good purchase.
Great tablet for reading. bought it as a gift for a middle schooler to enhance reading skills. They love it.
Great device. Sometimes it's hard for it to pick up voice. Good purchase
Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she's over the moon about it. She's already purchased dozens of books to read on it and carries it around wherever she goes. I'd say that's the sign of a great product.
Great battery life, excellent screen to read. Help and directions could be better but still very happy
Santa brought this to our daughter, she's 7 and it's perfect for her!! Easy to use and figure out!
This is the first e-reader I've gotten and I LOVE it! In general, kindles are awesome because there is a bunch of free material you can download on amazon that you can just carry around with you. The page turning function is a little weird to get used to but you can also swipe if you don't like the sensors on the side. When you turn off the kindle there is a screen saver that is typically some kind of ad, which is kind of annoying, but it's not really worth it to pay to have the ads taken off. Again, just something to get used to. It's really easy to navigate, you can even highlight and take notes. I don't really now too much about other e-readers or kindles but I'm really happy I bought this and I'd recommend it to anyone!
I was originally just looking for a cheap but reliable tablet, on a post-birthday afternoon, when I learned Amazon was selling a low budget version of the current Kindle generation.While my opinion is slightly biased due to some personal modifications, I can say this is an excellent purchase if you're looking for a portable browser and book reader. A fairly decent and accurate battery. Sound is low in volume but reliable. Expandable memory works for applications, so dozens of apps can be added quickly. While I can personally say it's extremely durable compared to iOS devices. A small fall against smooth stone does not cost anything but extremely fine scratches only visible in sunlight.However, by default, you're extremely restricted by the Amazon marketplace, which is nowhere near as updated and expansive as Google play. If this could access both stores, I'd give it a 5 out of 5.
Great purchase my grandson Alek loves his tablet we took it on vacation kept him quiet on the plane great gift for little ones Best Buy I made in awhile & the price was great
My daughter loves this tablet. It's not as big and flashy as some but it has all the bells and whistles needed.
very good product. Exactly what I wanted, and a very good price
Cute speaker. a bit expensive but the amazon streaming capabilities make it worth it
I picked up 3 units for Christmas gifts for my kids they loved them.
My son loves his tablet. He proudly proclaims to everyone he meets to check out his cool tablet. He especially loves the Freetime app.
I bought 2 fires for my children and they were a great purchase. They aren't expensive and they are easy to maunuver through even for kids. They love them.
This is the third kindle i have purchased they ate easy to operate
I didn't expect it to be so little, however I ordered it online and I should have read the description on the screen size. Other than that, it has been really great reading and playing with it.
This is a great tablet for the price. The Amazon OS is a bit sluggish but this is great for kids or to just keep laying around the house.
We own one of Amazon Fire and like it so much we ordered another one.
I've always used e-readers. The Kindle Paper White is extremely light weight, easy to use and wonderful for night reading when your partner is trying to sleep. I have a specific eye problem with one of my eyes and find I have to read large print books and they can be difficult to find. The Kindle allows me to read EVERYTHING! I love it. And it is great indoors or out.
I love this tablet I take it everywhere with me. It's small enough to take with you on trips.
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
The product works fine, but you need to install a bunch of apps to use to its full potential.
STill learning all that goes with Alexa. I also appreciate the email updates on the product
Very good tablet for a beginner. Very easy to use. However wished the color on the screen was better.
I previously owned the kindle fire hd 8.9. I wanted a smaller tablet and this one is perfect. I use my kindle for books only and I have more than enough room.
You can do a lot with these. No pain in a smart tv when you can add one of these. The box is considerably faster than the stick but the stick is the best value.
The price was right for what I needed and it dose what I need it to do.
I bought this tablet for my almost 3yr old. We didn't want to splurge on an iPad and this was a great price. We love to read books on it and watch movies in the car!
We already had a 1st generation in the media room and a FireTV stick in the bedroom. We have the stick to my sister-in-law (which she loves) and moved the old FireTV to the bedroom and the new model to the media room. We use it for Netflix, Amazon Prime and Plex. All of which seem to run a little faster and handle .mkv and .mp4 videos much better.
I bought this tablet because of the great price and all the things that it can do. Really excels in all fields.
I just love this new cover. It protects my kindle and it's easy to put into coat pockets if needed. The colors that matches the kindles are really cool. I don't trust anything else to protect my kindle.
Loved the Amazon tablets. Able to take anywhere and it fits in most bags. Can play any games and able to use social media website with ease.
ECHO (ALEXA) is a nice bluetooth/wifi speaker that is portable and can give you information when you ask it questions.Can Sync with your phone via using the Amazon Alexa app.Speak it in the AIR
Bought this tablet as a gift and so far they are happy with it. I did the set up and I can tell you it didnt lag or freeze so thats always a plus. It runs on the amazon app store. I dont care for it cause it dont have as many apps as others. Other than that and the low memory, I like it. Personally I download alot of game apps so i need lots of memeory but for my mother in law its just fine. She likes to read books on it, she says its good for that. Also she was able to get the libraries app and download free books so thats a plus.
Great tablet for under $100. Does not have the highest specs, but gets the job done for lite tablet users.
I had an older Kindle fire and had to upgrade as it eventually died. I love the convenience of books when I travel, along with any apps I want.
I love the apps that are on here and everything else I think it's the perfect tablet for a beginner has all of the apps that you will need
I bought 3, better than we ever dreamed for money spent
This is a good speaker and it does what it claims to do. I would recommend it
I used to watch youtube on my phone and wife decided I needed something bigger. I seem to like it very much. I did buy a micro sd card for it.
My wife loves this product. I never thought she would ever let go of paperback. But the ease of use and convenience when travel make this perfect for her because she loves read when we go to the beach.
Am enjoying using Echo. Learn more things to do with it each day. Sound is good and I enjoy listening to music on my Echo! Also like finding out about the weather each day.
Never knew I needed a tablet until I got my hands on this one
Really fun and informative. Questions are sometimes confusing to the device and it answers bizarrely.
I love this echo. It's literally one of my favorite gifts that I purchased for my family. We love how it understands very well and does almost exactly what we say. Whenever I forget something for food shopping I literally ask Alexa to put it in my cart and it does just that! It's the perfect little helper around the house. Just what I needed!
Found this tablet to be user friendly and easy to handle. This was purchased for and elderly individual who is enjoying it very much. Battery life is not long enough though.
I purchased this tablet for my 3 year old and he loves it! Very easy to use and setup.
Was at a family members house. This is cool so I bought one
This is a great device for someone who likes to check emails quickly and good size to hold while reading and to carry with you if you like to read while on the go.
It's nice to have a small tablet to have for email and to store pictures with the micro sd slot. Nice screen and ability to store Amazon prime movies to view without a wifi connection.
Bought the Fire for my 86 year old mother. Yes, she's 86 and still works part time at a museum. Her co-workers communicate at times with emails and she was not able to participate. The Fire was the perfect answer for an inexpensive and easy to operate device to keep her in the loop with all the upcoming events. The Fire is easy to operate and wasn't too intimidating like a laptop or desktop. Mom has caught right on and is using it daily. Great choice for a beginner. Very happy it's working for her.
Got this around black friday, for a great price, Been happy with it and will be buying my son one as well.
This was a great gift for my niece. She's 7, and she loves it. A lot of games, videos, movies, books... The tablet fits everywhere, and the price is great!
Any time any thing just ask...and she's getting smarter everyday
We have the echo in our kitchen, it is so handy to ask Alexa to play music, set timers, the news, weather etc
Thus was purchased as a gift for a friend. Don't know how well it works.n
The kindle essentially gives you a library in your hands. You can read for hours on 1 charge.
Christmas gift for my son. He absolutely loves his echo and his echo dot. He is able to command it to turn the lights on and off and loves it turns his computer on and off. It does so much stuff
Would buy again. First tablet. Having the time of my life with it.
No joke I have one on every tv in my house.This unit is so powerful and *customizable.The content of movies and tv shows that you can stream is almost unlimited these days.
Bought it for gifting purpose and it was worth. Good battery life and quick recharge. Perfect for small children
little slow booting up, but its good starter tablet.
Have had no problems with the unit. Works as advertised.
I love this thing it does everything you can even play games on it
Got this for my 2 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She plays on it till we have to recharge it! She loves it! Great little tablet with a host of capabilities.
I got one for my wife since several of our friends have one and they spoke highly of it. It's sometimes hit and miss with Alexa but overall, it's nice to have something that can set timers for the kids, play music, and as the software improves, I can see this being even better. The integration of the Skills and functionality could certainly improve but overall, it's one of those convenience things that you can live without it but it sure is nice. Since we have a bunch of kids, we have elected to turn off the online ordering just to be on the safe side.
Great little tablet. Bought for my neice to mess around on. Does everything the expensive ones do for a fraction of the cost.
Could be a little smarter and they stopped including the remote with it u gotta buy that extra before it was free
I bought this product back in September and have loved every moment of it. Setup was easy, the Amazon store and search bar make it easy to narrow down the thousands of books available, and the battery is long-lasting so that I don't have to worry about constantly charging. In 3 months I have only had to charge it twice. Best parts are the backlit screen with easy adjustment and ample storage!
I have for decades an advocate for hardback books. Over time my biggest concern now is space. The Kindle device is perfect for travel, long wait lines and for pure volume of collections. Unfortunately in todays fast paced electronic age there is not a lot of room for hardback books. Kindle has solved that problem.
If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet that can keep up with everyday casual use then this tablet is a good buy.
This kindle was a great price. It is easy to work and great for kids.
I bought this for my mom for Mother's Day. She isn't the best with technology but this is perfect for her.
Very satisfied so far. Easy to use and great price
Amazing use for many purposes. Ask Alexa to set alarms, play pandora, and weather anytime. Well worth the money. I use it even more than I anticipated. ♡♡
Santa brought it for our our grandson. We got a shock case for it and he plays and watches kids videos on it every day while his older siblings are playing games on theirs. It was a little money well spent on a kids tablet.
The picture is crystal clear. The resolution is amazing given the price.
System loads slow, but otherwise is ok. Be aware that you are not buying a full tablet. It was what I was looking for!
Our youngest mostly uses it for games. Easy to navigate
just okay! Product was for my girlfriend. Doesn't appear she uses it much except to steam music. Most of the questions I ask it I get nothing. I like Siri better.
The tablet is great has a lot of great features like access to kindle books and apps.
The Amazon Fire TV works better and faster than the Fire Stick. Every aspect of this is better, watching every show or movie starts up fast and is much clearer.
My son really enjoys this tablet. It's easy to navigate
This device has exceeded my expectations so far I love it
This a nice little tablet although I only have used it very little. I bought it for a backup, because we all know sooner or later ones going to break down. For the price you can't beat it. Next year I may buy more than one.
I am enjoying this tablet. I'm sure there are more advanced tablets available but with the price and the certificate it was practically free. This is my first electronic item with a touch screen and its fun. I'm still learning how to use all the features. I would recommend it to a friend but I think its already being replaced with the next generation 8"
Purchased the Kindle for my 9 year old niece and have not had any complaints. Every function performs like it should.
loved the size and lightness of the product. Stays charged for a long time.
Just love my new tablet. I have had a kindle fire for 4 years and it was messing up badly so I needed a new one badly.
Definitely easy on the eyes for long reading sessions, especially when compared to the LCD screens of smart phones and tablets. The only issues we had were that it drops the connection to our WiFi network and then won't connect to the Kindle store. I don't think it's an issue with my network since all our other devices don't have the connectivity issues we had with this.
This is a great tablet for the price. Would give it 5 stars if it had included some sort of instruction manual. Otherwise, definitely recommend.
I love that this kindle is easy to use and very good for the price. My 7yr old daughter has one and husband. Bothe beginners and they are using it easily.I do not like that it is not HD quality screen and pics.
I enjoy using this, it has a wonderful Ultra HD picture quality. I picked this version for use with Sling TV or Playstation Vue.
Got this for my daughter that is entering 6th grade. Not only is she reading more, but reading more complex books and expanding her vocabulary tremendously with the word "look up" feature. Screen is free of glare and looks much like a paper book as the name implies. Great for learning and recreational reading.
best streaming device , very portable , amazing picture
Great product and so affordable...easy to operate and download programs.
I recommend this device to all my friends. Endless capabilities from streaming your favorite movie to playing video games like grand theft auto. Buy it and add Kodi! You're welcome!
I had been reading on my iPad mini most of the time, but around the pool or at the beach, that was almost impossible. The Voyage is great not only in bright sunshine but inside, even in a pretty dark room. The back light is great for just about any environment. The battery life is fantastic.
Very pleased with my purchase. I would've definitely recommend.
Don't expect too muchbfor the money you paid for this tab. Easy to carry and very hard to break .
The paper white had excellent lighting regardless of the light in the room. Great long battery life as well.
Not a bad product and for the price it makes a decent gift.
I found this tablet to be very easy to use and really liked the dual camera it has
I purchased a new Kindle only because I stepped on my original (which was the first generation Kindle) and broke it. I love my new one, particularly the lighting and size of the unit. Thank goodness I broke my first!
This product is okay, but does not due what a normal tablet can due. Example, social media such as instagram and snapchat are not accessible on this tablet due to it being an amazon product. Had I known that, I would not have purchased it.
love the improvements they made on this fire kindle.
I bought 3 three of these for my boys for Christmas gifts. Great little tablet. Perfect for everything they want to use it for.
Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........
Between listening to whatever song we want to telling my kids a short bedtime story with their name in it, we love it! Trivia crack is fun to play too.
I bought this about a month ago and absolutely love it.
When Best Buy put it on their Deal of the Day, I jumped on it. It does so much and is very easy to set up and use. I've had it for 2 months and I'm still exploring all of the things it does. It just keeps getting better and better every week... Just go to your Alexa app, on your phone or tablet and see what's new this week.
very good for an e-reader. does everything i want it to.
Our tablet is fast and works very well. I am pleased with the amount of apps that Amazon offers.
very happy. tablet or smart tv for bedroom. movies,news,games and web browsing. great picture and good sound. best product for price.
Bought the Tap for my mom to primarily listen to music. Although my mom forgets "the girl's name" haha, we've found Alexa will answer without saying her name. The rechargeable base is nice so the Tap can be moved around the house or outside within range of wifi. Sound is great, too! Pleased!
Great for people that are not real tech savy easy to use...your
Just as great as expected and all reviews say with simple answer easy setup
Excellent price, good quality, you can't ask more for so little money.
We love our Alexa's! Have them in some of the rooms and in the garage! Great way to work out while listening to music!!
I got 2 of these for my 8 and 9 year old daughters and I love them and so do they
My home has a lot of wifi product for example light switch and lifx bulbs and nest thermostat. Amazon echo was the last the to make it work all together. Alexa makes it easier and fun to connect your home
This tablet screen and memory is lackluster at best but other than that if you are replacing another one of the Kids tablets or giving a gift to an older family member this is the way to go. The video on Amazon website shows a better picture while streaming video, Amazon "One touch" is turned on automatically so be careful to password protect purchases unless you don't mind a lot of $2.99 purchases. In short they make it too easy to purchase items by mistake. I thought I was on Prime video and notice that I was charged for an episode of Warehouse 13. Since I didn't see the show and caught this quickly I was able to chat with Amazon Customer Care and they walked me through how to change that setting online. This tablet not for me since I'm looking for a higher end media tablet with more memory than the 8GB this unit has.
I love this new tablet because it has expandable memory.
Easy to set up. Works just as advertised. Wonderful new techie toy.
I have one of these already I bought this one for my cousin for Christmas she loves it.. is now able to watch Netflix and the like without having to fight her daughter and husband for the TV..
I returned the item was not what I expected very disappointed white the table
Great for my younger kids. My son is autistic. WTG
Most people will go with a bigger more sofisticated iPad or Samsung but this is a good product for a child to pass time or someone not wanting all the bells and whistles
Easy to use and no buffering issues. Works better on wifi than cable
My daughter gave me one of these as a gift. My wife liked it so much I replaced her Kindle touch with a Paperwhite. Nice step up from the regular Kindle touch. We both love the backlight.No more booklights while reading at night!
Very good value for the money. The kids love them! Easy to set up and use.
Best thing for me!! Does everything I want it to !
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet. It satisfies my needs.
This tablet comes with a camera and takes good pictures. It's light in weight which makes it great for reading. This tablet is fast.
My son really likes the kindle fire and it so easy for him to use
It is tough to use these tablets if you are use to Apple products. Internal memory is minimal and is taken up by all of the Amazon programs it is running. Everytime my kids play a game, the wireless connection shuts down due to running out of memory. I would not recommend these tablets for anything more that an e-book reader.
Unable to download the Instagram app. which stinks
I like Alexa, but limited. Can't connect with I-Tunes account yet. Can only set a one time alarm with 24 hours and cannot make it recurring. I see improvements weekly, but still a long way to go.
Easy for reading, easy to hold - can send emails, takes pictures - must be connected to WIFI to get setup.
This was purchased for my 7 year old son & he LOVES it!! Perfect sixe for him
I purchased the Fire Tablet basically as an e-reader. However, after finding out how to install the Google Play Store, it is much more. Nothing speedy or top of the line, but what would one expect for the price. No regrets!
Ease of use and setup 9/10It would be nice if it was out of the box easier to view your own content.
Best tablet for the money, also great because of the color selection.
This is an awesome product love the flexibility it has with not only book reading but other apps as well.
Alexa is cool and works great. Speaker sounds good and has great options.
Loved the original Kindle but after dark, I needed a light source. With the Paperwhite, and the adjustable back light, it is so easy to read anywhere, any time. The variable fonts help when I get tired and need to increase the size of the font for easier reading.I would happily recommend this Kindle Paperwhite to all.
I bought this as a replacement for my Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite High Resolution the few minor things that were different were added plus but nothing to really stand alone I noticed it was crisper and the light was much better then the previous one.
This is the third one in our house. It's great for book reading, surfing the web and checking emails
My husband really likes this product and uses Alexa a lot
It is a very handy device and I highly recommend it. I also enjoy using Alexa on it.
Bought these for my boys and they love it read books play games
My daughter loves her tablet because she can carry it to all places
The fire tv box works far better than the Roku 3. The picture quality is excellent. Nervous works great. The interface is better than Roku. Overall the Fire tv box is well worth the money.
Yes perfect for a bonus room can have Netflix and movies all at the same time
I bought this item for my 85 year old grandmother. She likes to play solitaire and read. She is always telling me that she plays solitaire to keep her mind sharp. I gave it to her as a christmas present and she loves it. I have since downloaded a couple of easy games for her. We haven't made it to the books or anything else yet. She is getting used to doing one thing at a time. She absolutely loves it and always has it with her. So much that I have to tell her to charge it. I am thinking of buying one for my self also.
Love it! Great Tablet!! Lots of ways to download lots of fun games and apps.
HAVE BEEN USING THE BLACK AND WHITE KINDLE READER FOR SEVERAL YEARSAND THE UPGRADE TO THE FIRE HAS BEEN A MAJOR SURPRISE--IT HAS EVERYTHING I COULD WANT AND IN GORGEOUS COLOR. IT IS BASICALLY A COMPUTER AND IS MODERATELY EASY TO LEARN TO USE.
We use our Echo for music, scheduling, tv commands, controlling the thermostat, basic information and various other tasks. Good way to simplify your life - these gadgets are great.
Love my purchases and you should get one as well love it
My Godson loves his new tablet. It's fast and there are a lot of free academics and games available to download.
Purchased for my toddler. Best investment yet. Also added the protection plan. Very happy with purchase. Serves it purpose.
Bought for a Christmas gift. Works great for anything we have tried to use it for. Great reader!
It's a nice updated tablet. No problems yet. Decent price for what you get
I think this is faster and more reliable than the firestick, no drop outs
Great purchase and the product is amazingly simple
Easy to set up and start using. Love having any type of music at the prompt of my voice!
Very easy for a child to be able to use and enjoy.
I purchased it as a gift for my son and he is very pleased with it.
It has good sound and can pick up my voice in a normal speaking tone.
Awesome device!! I used to have an iPad mini and really expected to be disappointed by the fire. I'm not. Not at all. It is great and does everything I want it to do.
Can't beat the price, awesome for kids and doesn't break the bank.
The Amazon echo is a great product. The only thing is that it doesn't work properly when the tv volume is a little high!
This speaker has a great sound and its perfect to take out on the patio or in any room that I am in. The tap is annoying compared to the Echo with voice activation, but the wireless features makes the purchase worth it.
Love my Kindle fire so easy to use and amazon customer service is amazing
Echo connects to the Alexa Voice Service to control smart home devices, play music, provide information, news, sports scores, weather, and more-instantly. When it is playing any music, it cannot hear us properly and it is not quite movable, I mean it needs power all the time.
Bought this as a gift for my granddaughter...(who is 4.5 years old) for Christmas so that she can watch learning videos and etc on. This is a nice little tablet. I only wish we had things like this in the dark ages when I was a child!
Very durable for a child. Offers more than one user so everyone can read their favorite books.
I bought this kindle for my 6yr old so he would stop using his sisters KindleHD. It wasn't a planned buy but who could beat $49.99!!! Added this from 'Santa' to the gifts for Christmas.
I like the Fire TV much better than the Fire Stick.
I was tired of my cable bill being so high so I got the amazon Fire TV + Digital antenna. This is a great alternative to Cable TV.
Good for kids and parents great products hope to get mote
Purchased on black Friday deal for $59.99. Good buy! Not iPad quality but a fraction of the price and nice for watching prime videos and normal apps. Would purchase at standard price also as a fun extra tablet.
We like using the echo for quick answers and for playing mucic. The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is because while listening to music loudly, it cannot hear your voice to turn down or to stop playing. So you have to manually turn the volume down.
bought for my grandson easy to use for him . durable enough for a four year old
I enjoy it. It's gray for reading and working out.
Received a Kindle Fire as a gift about 10 years ago. Finally went to Kindle heaven. Bought myself a new Kindle Fire HD 10, Geek Squad in store helped me set it up and transfer all my information from old one to new one. I love it and the service was awesome.
It does what it's supposed to do very minimal freezing second or two on occasion
This is a great product. Very easy to use. I would recommend this product to family and friends.
Got it for my grandson and he really does like it.
What could be better than a book? A Kindle Voyage! This wonderful device is easier to carry around than a book. Whenever I need to wait a few minutes, I whip out my Kindle. It is clear, it works for a long time without recharging, and it receives new books instantly. I had been using an Ipod with audio books for a long time but I got tired of the difficulty in searching for material. It also lost my place unless I was extremely careful. This device is lightweight and slips easily into my handbag or pocket. I also bought the Origami case - with it, the Kindle comes on automatically when it is opened. A great and useful device - I love it!
very good for the price. our kid loves to play with it.
Ordered This product for the children and they love it i might purchase one for my self have it a week and seems stable
Bought 3 for my young grandkids exceptional security for kids, great babysitter as well as educational tool
We love the fire tv so much, we have one on every tv jn the house!
My mothers kindle paper finally died so I bought her this. She loves it because she can do so much more than just read books on it. Great product.
Amazon does everything well. This is a terrific product installs easily and you don't need to be a tech guru to use it.
I'm very glad having this with me. In my country there are lots of books in Spanish that I'm not able to get. So this was perfect solution.It's incredible how similar to paper is. Battery super long!
One of the best tech items I have purchased in the last ten years!
We got this for a young girl who is 9. She loves it and there a lot of Apps that she likes. There are parental controls which is a plus, recommend for almost any age group.
I got a great deal on this tablet after Thanksgiving. It is for a friend that's not to tech savvy. She will use it to watch movies and read books. It already has all of the apps on it that she will use.
This is a great product for kids. User friendly lots of capabilities.
Alexa volume is amazing but she does have a hard time hearing your commands when playing loud music
I am very pleased with the sound quality of the echo and also pleased with the responses from requests
Has all of the apps you need if you're trying to eliminate cable TV. If it had a YouTube app it would be perfect.
I use this tablet just for entertainment purposes on all amazon apps
Loved the storage space and how fast it stream when watching movies. I haven't had a problem with and of the one I brought. good quality.
Best product out on the market. I no longer need cable .. must have
Great tablet for kids. They just love how simple it to use and great price.
I love the size and the HD quality. Just what I was looking for!Downloads apps really fast!
I bought my Fire HD8 as an alternative to carrying around my laptop and having to buy many textbooks for college. The fact that I saved well over $150 on one of the 5 books I had to get this semester was a godsend. Most all undergraduate courses I have seen are offered in eBook form for Kindle. If you do not care about having the constant ability of being on the internet without WiFi or other hotspot, it's a great resource. Pros:Price for this was still less than the money saved for my Biology Book.A lot less weight that 5 college textbooks.So far all books I need for college are available as eBooks through Amazon.A single charge can make it through an 8 hour school day.Cons:If you want/need a network connection, you have to use your phone as a hotspot or connect to another WiFi network. Bottom line, I wanted a cheaper alternative to having to lug over $750 in books around. I came out at well under $500 considering I bought this.
The size is just what I needed for my outdoors kit. I plan on using it mostly for reading. It fits in my pocket
When you compare the Kindle Voyage 6's Screen to the other model. The Screen was brighter for reading
Easily added apps including Google Play store... Not rocket science. Battery life is phenomenal, great for cross country flights.
very good produ ct and service will defintely refer to a freind.
I needed to replace my old reader, and found that this model was just as good. if not better, and at a greatly lower price. I have enjoyed using it for about a month, and am very please with it.
Love it. This tablet is great for school work and home work and also music for your car.
Always a big fan of Kindle. This is my third one to purchase. Why so many you may ask? I never get to use them because every one else in the family grabs them. Great for surfing amd reading books.
I bought this product at Best Buy instead of online, as I wanted to get in the day I wanted it. Just the voice activated programing is worth it alone, and the quality of the sound. I was using my phone for music, and it was not the best quality and the battery would run out.This is a great product as it solves both of those issues and more!
I purchased this tablet mainly because of the price so I am pleased with the functions that it offers...mainly accessing the internet and games.
Just lock the card out and let the kids go crazy!!
Key to owning this tablet is having amazon prime account
I needed a tablet...and it came in handy...just what I needed.
I needed a tablet for my kids and this was only $50 plus a memory card and they had so many games we were able to take a 17 hour road trip and they were entertained the entire time. As far as Android Tablets go, this one gives the most bang for the buck that I've ever seen.
This is a fantastic tablet. I take it to workAll the time.
I bought this online and picked it up in store. It wa Lana very easy process. The setup is extremely easy. I use Kodi on it and it works great. I used Kodi on a Firestick and there is no comparison.
Bought for my 6 yr old autistic grandson. So far so good with parental guidance.
Amazon Kindle needs to put more effort in their tablets, not a lot of applications compatible with the Amazon OS but for 50 dlls is totally worth.
Great small size tab that easy to keep up with. Not too big and not too small
This is an upgrade for my wife as her old kindle wouldn't charge anymore. She likes the feel and the games plus reading material. It rolled over most of her games easily tried to get her to buy an iPad but she has all she needs on thus device
The sound is not good but it was easy to set up. Alexa itself his limited capabilities.
Decent tabletPerforms ok You really get what you pay forDo not expect anything special with this tablet. It works. Does what its meant to do and nothing more. Having a Prime subscription is a must but not a requirement to take full advantage of this tablet. Its pretty much an Amazon Portal for all the services they offer. Great for my son streaming his shows like Sesame Street, PBS, etc Netflix works fine as well
Yes, it's that much fun to use and you'll wonder how you functioned in life without the Echo of Amazon?
Pretty good tablet. Keeps the kids interested which is Why I brought it.
I love my Amazon Tap. I was in the market for a portable speaker and I saw these one on sale so I decided to pick it up. I only wanted it for a Bluetooth speaker, but Alexa is amazing I use it everyday. Alexa was a huge plus.
Bought it as a gift, I love mine and think everyone should have one!
Great for all ages...have our own - 2 and bought this also as a gift. Great value for a great lasting product!
Not the first and not the last one I will buy.Love the app to run it on my phone too.
I am still learning how to use some of the seemingly limitless capabilities of this device. I will soon be connecting my lights and fans to control by voice commands.
I love this device and it has changed my tv/movie viewing for the better!
Love this tablet, have bought several for gifts because I love mine so much!
This is a must have product for the home. ..........
Found it to be very simple to use. I would recommend it to my friends.
Love it. Works great. Need good wifi signal. Easy to set up.
I didn't realize what I was missing. Alexa keeps life in my home. Glad I invested in this product! Can't wait to get home!
I love Amazon Fire HD8... It is so easy to use and perfect for reading books on or cruising Social Media. I love that it has Alexa included on it.
These are excellent to keep on the coffee table or taking along on a trip. Can't beat the price.
Works well. Probably best android tablet you can get for the money.
Love my Echo! Great skills and more coming online every day!
Smart and handy time saver and loud I love it voice control is amazing
The Fire tablet does everything I need it to do. Bought this as a gift for my 10 year old and he couldn't be happier. He can download all his games and apps, I like the parental controls on it.
Was3nt used to an Amazon was used to android.this product is good just wasent used to it
I love it, it is easy to read on and a nice size screen for the kids to watch movies on
I have so many different apps that I use to watch my movies and TV and this device groups them all. The remote makes searching a breeze and Alexa is entertaining to talk to. I would get multiple of these. Amazon is adding a LOT of great features to prime. Oh and I hope you have PRIME when you get this. If you dont your wasting money. Get prime and get the fire TV
The Amazon Kindle Voyage is the absolute e-reader to end all e-readers. Light, amazing screen, and stylish, minimal design. If you want an e-reader, definitely buy this one!
Echo is learning everyday and its uses daily, i use it in place of a speaker and connect my phone to it.
I have always enjoyed my amazon music. Now when I walk in the house from work I set the tone and Alexa plays what I ask. I am still learning all the tricks and I enjoy the emails I get on how to get the most out of her..love her!
It has a great camera and I really enjoy my games and Facebook on this larger screen than my phone. I love not using my data up on my phone.
Great bare bones tablet! Great for e book reading! Also, can't beat the price!! no complaints here!
Gave as a Christmas gift, she loves it. Did have to pay to ship it though.
Love, love, love her. Looking forward to expanding on the abilities.
I love this device. User friendly, excellent performance. Way faster than stick version. And not limited like the Apple. I enjoy it!
Very easy to set up and easy to use for grandkids. Love the ease of use and the amount of information the Echo can be used for
Purchased as a gift for my nephew He's was very happy with this item no complaints
It's was good for handling light weight and comfortable in hand. Good audio clarity, video everything is good. But only few supportable apps. Need more apps which we use generally.
I've researched this tablet and the "techies" say it's a great tablet for the money. I bought it as a gift for my mother and I think it will be perfect for her. I'm going back to buy a few more for my kids.
It is difficult to understand the instructions. I am still working on it.
The Amazon Fire 7 tablet is a great tablet for the money (Got it during Black Friday for $35, but even at $50 is still a good deal). You can get most apps on the Amazon Underground store for free, and most add-ons for the apps are even free, compared to .99 cents each for apple devices. Only drawback for my preference, is that there isn't a facetime app to videochat with other Apple device users with. Other than that, pretty much any other iOS app is available for the Amazon Fire. Videos play very well, not HD quality, but not bad either. This is a great tablet for anyone looking for a portable device to browse the internet, check emails, facebook, etc, and for the price, it can't be matched by any other tablet on the market.
Love this device!! Easy to set up and fun to use. Highly recommend.
I love this Kindle, I should have purchased a long time ago!
Has a few quirks that are disconcerting bur overall a great product.
After purchasing 4 Amazon Fire tablets i immediately noticed the amount of advertisement they came with at the pricing of the tablet that I bought. There's always some kind of advertisement on the screen when it wakes up. My other issue is after adding a card to make a few purchases for some apps for my kids. I removed the ability to make purchases without a password, well that did not actually happen. For a few days my children were able to make purchases in apps without any props that said; are you sure or asking for a password. I've had to completely remove the accounts and reinstall a different account for them to be able to stop making purchases. I also had them transfer the purchases to the new email a big hassle. Overall the tablet works good great for the kids.
So far the tablet works great. I got this for my daughter for Christmas and she downloads games no problem. The 16gb is great I'm glad I purchased the larger storage capacity.
I love the convenience of the Amazon Echo! Alexa is amazing! Very easy to use!
Got this for a replacement for original Kindle Fire works better than the older one, can take pics front & back, also accepts memory card.
Personally, I think the Kindle should have come with this item as 99 of people would need this. It works fine.
I just brought 4 and NO I has had success pairing the device. Amazon doesn't have any tech assistance and the directions are for a remote but w-o a smart TV, I don't think you can get much from the device.
We love the Amazon Echo, free music, product reviews, weather.
I would recommend this to anyone it is a great deal and it has a great screen
okay for a toy, does not work well for some of us, with different noise environment, and different accent. Some times the searched results are funny. Also, hope it support other languages. Price too high also.
I really like my kindle. It is so gentle on my eyes. I don't have to charge it as often either. Lots of great features, highlighting especially is useful as it saves it to a new ' my clippings' file.
This next to the fire stick I must say have been the best pusrchases ive made to date. This takes over your cable and you can cancel your cable right away. Even more when you get kodi on it.
This tablet has all I need to enjoy using it. I bought it for the low price otherwise I may have waited to buy.
I use this mainly to watch movies on amazon and netflix. Great addition to my household.
I know my granddaughter will love it. She has an older one that was given to her
Excellent for reading and can be used as a tablet for Internet use.
I really enjoy this kindle. It's fun to use and cool.
I really enjoy my tablet. It does everything that I was looking for in a tablet. Easy to use and small.
It was a great purchase. I purchased 2 within one month.
Alexa looks great in my ciunter, she responds quickly ti my request. Im sure amazin will be adding more features innthe near future! At least i hope so
Okay this tablet has its limits. It's not an IPad. But for 50 bucks it does a lot. If you have Amazon Prime it's awesome. If you don't, it's still nice. It's fast and has good battery life. You can side load apps if you can't find them in the Amazon App Store. Overall I'm impressed with the features.
The Paperwhite is an excellent product. It is very lightweight, easy to hold for long periods of time, and user-friendly (software wise). Be prepared to have a slower reaction time than a typical tablet (or Amazon Fire); this is because of the e-ink. However, I will take the trade off, as you are able to read e-ink in every environment (sunlight, dark rooms) without any eyestrain -- something that is not possible with a regular tablet. Screen response time is only slightly delayed because of this.If you have a Prime membership, you have access to all of Amazon's library, which has a large selection; however, most disappointingly, you can only rent one book per month unless you upgrade to Amazon's Kindle App, which is an additional $10/month. I find this to be mildly frustrating. However, you are able to rent books from your local library whenever you would like.Overall, I think the Paperwhite is a fabulous product for reading, with only a few drawbacks. I enjoy reading on it very much.
I've bought Fire TV originally for my second TV which is not a smart tv. Shows start playback instantly, voice search is the easiest thing to use. My only complaint is that voice search does not work in 3rd party apps yet.
I bought it for my 12 year old who likes to read. Now she LOVES to read. Her mother and I are very happy, as one could imagine. The Kindle works great, and we love the backlit touch screen.
My family and I enjoy spending time together watching movies for relaxation and entertainment. The Amazon product has been easy to use.
This Amazon box works better than the fire stick. 100% happy with it.
The absolute best streaming device I've ever used.
It's fast compared to the Firestick. The only issue I see is the remote becomes unresponsive sometimes.
I really enjoy the basic amazon kindle and best buy had a great deal on it when I purchased it. It's very easy on the eyes and there is no glare when reading outside even on a sunny day just as advertised. It has the look of book in that sense. I was able to order this online and "pick up in store" and it was very convenient because I was low on time. I highly recommend this product to any avid reader and anyone looking to make the jump to an eReader. A few other great features are the long battery life, it's light and small and very easy to take on the go.
bought this for my 3 year old to watch youtube and movies. it does the trick.. sometimes runs a little slow.
works great for me. good for first time user. good for money as well.
This is my second echo that I've purchased and I love this thing. I use it for my garage when working in it and I can just yell out what I want to listen to. With xm radio integration it is even better.
Nice device. But only minimally better than the Voyage.
Would recommend for anyone great value big screen great features
This is a good value but I purchased a Kindle Fire Black Friday of 2015 and I have to say it has more features and now I am spoiled. It is a 16 gb storage also. I want another one like it in case mine ever quits.
Bought this for my younger sister. She's 9 and uses it to stream Netflix and play games. She tells me it's fantastic
Really like the updates this product has in comparison to my first one
This tablet is easy to use and great for a new user.
I love new Kindle Fire. I love the convenience having books with me all the time being able to have an entire library at my fingertips.
This works just like I hoped it would. Ties in with my hue lights and works even better after installing IFTTT app to pairs other features and devices to it.
Better performance and more options that my firestick. As it should for the extra cost and added size. Still a nice compact little package though. Very happy with this purchase and runs all of the programs I use very well. Expandable storage is a huge plus!
This is a great tablet for the price. Works great and is easy to operate.
It works well and is great for my daughter .I like how I can control how much she can use it
Amazon MayDay functionality is not available and this was unexpected. Other services and functionality as expected
This is a great way to beat cable. Easy to set up!
Bought the original Kindle Fire, and was impressed with the latest updated version. Better software, camera, and more apps make this all the more worth the small price. I guess that Amazon takes a loss on the production of this unit to gain your interest in buying their merchandise and using their services. In any case, it works, and I would recommend this to anyone interested in an inexpensive internet access device.
Good tablet and a great price. I use it for reading, Netflix and email.
Bought for my son. Have had these before and they really like them.
So i have bought every generation of Kindle since they came out and they have all been fantastic, especially for read school books.
I have a Kindle and my grandson uses it when he comes to visit. We decided to get him one.
Great price fast delivery will be buying from Best Buy again
Very nice tablet for the price.. only problem, it sort of "ties" you up to be an amazon subscriber for a fee, so beware of this :)
I wanted one for Christmas and wasn't sure whether to purchase the echo or google home. I am very satisfied. We went to our daughters house and she had a dot, loved it all weekend that on our trip home we stopped off at best buy and purchased the echo . Loved it so much I ordered two echos for friends
Yes, it does what I need and does it pretty well. I like the extra storage capacity, because I use it to store photos, a portable portfolio. I like the size, smaller and easier to carry than a tablet device. It is my second one. I use both units, the older one just does not have the storage capacity.
love the first now a new one. everything at your fingertips.
Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls
The. Echo delivered much more than expected. Can be talked to throughout the. Whole house
I wish i could find more free books instead of Amazon purchase.
I purchased the 6 inch Fire HD and liked it; however his tablet is a better value. It not only lets you access all of the Amazon features, but it allows you to expand the memory for greater storage. Great value for the price.
This was a gift for my son and he loves it. It not only helps him with his homework but he could also play games on it!
Tablet was reasonably priced. Would say it's a starter tablet for kids. Kind of slow on response but the kids enjoy it.
I love my Amazon Fire TV. It's an amazing device! It's quick and very responsive. Overall, I believe it's the beat streaming device on the market!
This is a nice little tablet; It is definetly worth the price
This was sold out on Amazon prior to Christmas, and my spouse really wanted one. This was ordered and delivered sooner than expected, in plenty of time for Christmas. She loves it and uses it several hours each day. Much better vehicle for her use rather than the cell phone. Cruises the web, stays in-touch with family, and dreams! Great service from Best Buy, great product as well.
Is a good table for kids to play with to watch videos and play some games with
Amazon echo has been a great product. We are able to turn our lights on and off, get the news, sports and traffic and even schedule calendar events just by asking Alexa to perform the task. Love this product. Can't wait for further integration with our home.
best streaming device for the money,not very happy with the changes from amazon on blocking some apps.May change to a different device
My husband loves his new kindle. Lightweight, fast, and the origami cover is great.
This tablet is great for kids my grandson is sick and he absolutely loves it
I enjoy using this Kindle fire 8". The apps are easy to install, the screen is a great size. I can even use it without my glasses.
The Kindle Paperwhite reader is great for reading in the dark. Its very light and easy to maneuver the pages. I haven't tried reading it outdoors yet but when summer time comes I'll be using it alot.
It appears to be much faster than the firestick. I can access movies without it having to buffer.
Very reponsive processor high quality display expandable storage up to 128gb via sd card lots of free apps via amazon app store decent battery life and inexpensive price what more can you ask for!!!
i'm glad i took the opportunity to buy the echo especially when it was on sale!
We gott this at a great price on black friday for my nephew. Lowest price we found anywhere.
The tablet was nice. Lots of Amazon access. It would be a good thing for someone a little older.
Amazon Fire TV Brings pretty much every streaming app all under one easy-to-use interface.
Fun device for the whole family. Even the jokes are funny.
Alexa works good for the controls and ways that I am using the system. Using to control some home automation (lights, thermostat, etc).
Got it for my kids to use instead of my iPads :P they like it and I also got one for myself to stick in my pocket when heading out the door so that I don't have to take my iPad/s with me :]
This tablet was purchased for a person in their 20's and they are very content with it.
Just Love Alexa and all she does and can do with additional technoilogy!
A single list is easy. We haven't been able to have multiple lists simultaneously. Simple questions can be answered but more complex ones get rejected or mis-answered. The ability to interpret and hear voices is very good with a long range.
Great value for the price. Easy to navigate and has good picture quality. I bought it to watch Netflix, browse internet, read books on Kindle, and watch YouTube.
The Echo is the current standard in the marketplace, and with good reason. It is easy to set up and use and compatible with an ever-expanding list of products.
My kids enjoy this tablet, as do I! The only downfall so far is the brightness does not dim very much, even on the lowest setting so my kids are not allowed to use it in be.Also uses a ton of memory, even though no additional applications have been downloaded since purchased and no photos taken.
Good tablet for a beginner. Easy to navigate and get more apps!
I read a lot and have loved my kindle paperwhite and used it all the time. I didn't think it could get any better! I read all about the kindle Oasis and it sounded great but the price was freaking me out and I kept thinking I really didn't need it! Well I finally talked myself into just trying it and after just taking it out of the box and holding it I was sold. It is so lightweight and so easy to hold and the screen is wonderful! The charging case is so convenient and so easy to take off and put on and it really looks nice. I never keep it on when I'm reading which keeps the kindle oasis light. I am so glad that I went for it and bought it. I want to read more than ever now. It is always in my purse. Believe me, I am not made of money in the least but I am so glad that I purchased this. If you are an avid reader you will be too!
bought this for my wife to keep her off my computer when on facebook. worked:)
I like the Alexa, although it is pricey. It makes choosing music and getting certain information easy. I would like some flexibility to change its name, though.
Each of my boys have their own Kindle Fire. They love them! They're easy to use and the micro SD card slot allows you to upgrade the space to add more movies and games. They're especially nice when the wife and I want to enjoy dinner out!
We are really loving our Amazon Fire TV. We use it mostly for streaming Netflix because we haven't gotten into any of the Amazon episodes yet. We also use it for watching movies off our Amazon account. The picture quality is great and we haven't had any issues with streaming - no buffering and no freezing has occurred in the 9 months we've had the device. I like the parental control feature that requires you to put in a code before watching something. I'm not completely electronic savvy so I haven't really tried any other features on it yet. I have a Google Chromecast as well and it's my go-to for when we're traveling, but for our TVs at home, I'm very happy we got the FireTV and that it has a remote vs. using our phones or tablets. All in all, a great purchase.
I will save enough on reduced cable bills in two months to pay for my Amazon Fire TV
This is a great reader. It is easy to use and very dependable. This is my third one. Really like them.
This is the coolest technology I purchased since putting Windows 10 on my new laptop. I love being able to use the microphone to ask questions and request music. Combined with my sound bar they blow everyone away that comes to visit me.
We bought the tablet as a gift for my daughter. It has great restrictions. You can set time limits for learning versus playtime. Excellent picture/screen quality.
Love my echo and so does my 9yr old! He has more experience with it lol but the volume has so much clarity and Alexa understands everything you say
I bought three for my each of my grandchildren. They are 2,5,and 7. The 2 year old loves watching Elmo on the tablet and it's not too loud and the picture is very clear and colorful and she knows how to push the icons on the screen herself, the 5 and 7 year old plays car racing games as well as reading and math games. It has parental settings on the tablet so that I can assure that's it content is kid friendly. They love it.
I have one and like it so much that I purchased one for my son. It can be used for entertainment or to control a smart home.
I purchased this tablet for my 9 year old son and he loves it. Nice bright screen and has two speakers for pretty good sound for a tablet. Great for games and watching videos.
My FIrst Kindle and already loving it. Very Lightweight
This product is a great entry level tablet. It is limited in both memory and function.
Been lots of fun and for a Star Trek Fan to be able too say Hello Computer and just go from there is making my day. We have two of them now so have one on each side of the house.
I love this unit. I'm learning new things I can do with it every day. Lately I've been using it to listen to audible purchases.
Bought for a first time tablet user with little technology aptitude so works great to get there toe wet in using a touch screen simple easy and cheap
I had a smaller version and this was easy to adjust to and use.
I had to replace a kindle I've had for years and this one fit the bill. The back-lighting is a huge plus as I didn't have it before, still on the slow side but works perfect when reading.
Its light weight, i do not care for the amazon app store..Android is so much better..I cannot get all the app I need from amazon..the amazon Kindle is a nice size and light weight..
This was one of the best purchases that I have ever made.
Love customer service very knowledgeable and helpful
It's great for news flash and playing music. It's not great on world news. I tried to buy one for my sister in Canada. Why does Amazon not allow this work in Canada. .
Great tablet for my kids or beginners.Highly recommend for all ages
Some problems streaming Netflix but everything else works perfectly
Awesome tablet and great value for money. My son is enjoying it a lot.
I'm very excited to say I love my fire stick. I've waited for this a long time. My neighbors say they are so happy
Great-----------------------------------------------
Works great and KODI is totally worth the price becaus you save a lot on not having to use Netflix anymore
The Fire TV is a really nice box for streaming. Turns your TV viewing into a whole new experience.
My daughter picked this tablet after her HD Fire battery would no longer work. The insurance kicked in and she picked this one instead of the HD. She wanted more memory for her music does not use it to watch movies really. She loves the blue color and is working just perfect for her.
Bought it for my mom, it was real easy to transfer her downloads from her phone to the tablet..
Before buying the FireTV, I had the FireTV Sticks. In an effort to cancel my cable, I signed up for Playstation Vue. Vue worked on the FireTV Stick and got the job done but when a sale came for the FireTV, I thought why not. Boy, night and day difference in speed of menu transitions and buffering of shows. Everything is just snappier and faster. Going back to a FireTV Stick was so painful because of the lag in menu transitions. If you could afford it, go for the FireTV over the Stick. Also I own a Roku 2 and the FireTV is MUCH more useful because of the ability to sideload apps.
If you are looking to start r add to your smart home, the echo is great!
My kids have enjoyed using this device. They have downloaded games and shows.
It's perfect for kids, and adults who want to take a tablet on the go, and not worry so much! It seams very durabale.
Still learning the capabilities of Alexa, bot, so far very impressed.
Getting used to it. Sometimes she doesn't respond.
Access to millions of songs with a prime membership
I don't know why this wouldn't be included with the kindle. It's like selling an appliance without all the parts
Great nifty kindle that allows you to read books at ease and also use it for other apps to stream shows and movies. Also has its own version on word, excel, and powerpoint which is easy to use
I bought 2 of these for my niece & nephew! They think I'm awesome now!!! I'd say they were definitely worth the purchase.
With echo's all being able to be linked, this is incredible to have in all rooms. Great sound.
I love this tablet...I purchased 3 of them One did have to be returned because it had a short in the charge plug but a simple exchange and the new one was good...I still gave this 5 stars because for 30 bucks it is still working 6 months later after some abuse by us being careless...doesnt scratch easy..would be perfect for kids too
Great device. This could seriously make me ditch any cable service.
it works very well for a small black box on my concil.
I got this for my mother for mother's day, and so far, she absolutely loves it. It's fast, great resolution, and I've yet to hear of any battery issues from her. I picked this one for the reasons I just listed in addition to the access to Amazon Underground (FREE APPS that normally cost with Googly Play & Apple Stores, respectively).For those reasons, in addition to the price, you can't go wrong.
gave to daughter and son. they are enjoying them very much
I use this with Kodi, HBO go, directv now, Hulu, prime, and Netflix. Everything runs smooth. I like having the USB port, because I have a controller, wireless keyboard and flash drive that I connect when needed. Can't ask for better.
This is a great product. I'm not sure if the charging port would mess up like a cellphone, but we'll see. I do have an issue with Best Buy. I returned it on Friday because it wouldn't charge anymore. I realized on Sunday, and they could not locate my sd card. They pretty much summed it up like it was my lost.
This item is taking forever to charge and not holding the charge. We may have to return. I assume it is this unit and not all.
I bought this for my 6 year old nephew for Christmas! He LOVES it and it has a great warranty!
Made a nice Mother's Day gift.......................
love it, can do alot of stuff on it, would recommend fire hd8 to everyone
If you don't mind the slow performance, it is a good tablet for the price.
My first reader was a Sony and I loved it. But it was getting old and quit working well. So I did research and everyone seemed to like the Kindle Paperwhite and so that's what I bought. I like it. I don't LOVE it, like I did my Sony, because its battery needs to be charged every two weeks. The battery in my Sony lasted much longer than that between charges. But other than that, it works great and is easy to read in any light (sunlight or indoor lighting).
Bought for my GF and she literally has not put it down since she received it. She was optimistic at first but now loves it.
I really like reading paper white. I wish it listed the books the way my kindle fire dose like in a book case. But all and all I'm very happy with the paper white kindle
We purchased these Kindle Fires for a reading contest sponsored by our club for the local elementary schools. They make really great incentives for students to read more and are a relatively inexpensive way to do so.
This echo is an addition to others we have in home. We are currently trying to get one out in every room. The sound quality is right there with any nose system
got this because where i work we are not allowed anything with a camera.this was perfect,can read for hours with little strain on my eyes.
Works great, provides you information about all of the things related to amazon more promptly. Drawbacks are cannot ask a follow up question, echo doesn't hear you properly when you are playing with more than average volume. There are lot many skills, I hope wait of 6 more months will be worth enough.
I bought two of this tablets and they are great tablets with the best prize in the market.
Set up was Extreamly easy. Hooks up well with other products like TrackR, Nest and Phillips Hue. Most of all my wife gets all her songs by just asking for them. When she forgets where her phone is she simply ask it to have TrackR ring her phone and when she's cold or hot she just asks for it to be warmer or cooler.
Silk is painfully slow and doesn't work on many websites. Had to install Mozilla to use bestbuy.com ironically. I can't put in orders with Silk (the default Fire browser). If using Silk make sure to disable the caching to Amazons servers. With caching on the browser is almost unusable.Ads are really annoying (only come on when you first turn it on) but I don't even really notice what they are. Usually things I'd never purchase like makeup (I'm a guy) or other junk. These make decent devices for the kids for playing games on too. This is not a quality device like a Galaxy Tab but for the price its good enough because you know they're going to break it at some point.
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo. I have 3 in my house and it is so easy to play music, find information or listen to Audible books. I love when I am cooking and I don't have to use my hands to start listening to music.
I bought this for my wife and she uses it every night before she goes to bed. She always watching Netflix or HBO go. Great investment.
Love the Fire box! Saves us tons on TV. Love all the Apps.
i bought this as a gift for my mother in law. she loves it. it does what she likes for it to do, video games, facebook, etc.
This is the second Amazon tablet I have purchased and they both work very well. My 8 year old does his homework on the tablet. The screen is bright and clear, build quality is good and he is delighted with the number of games available
I mainly use it for streaming music but it's totally worth it.
I've always wanted one to read. Good Features and glass for reading
This made my brother life easier in school An work
Battery life is great. Kindle unlimited is lame, web browser needs work.
Easy setup nice size only thing is the charger cords need to be more sturdy.
This e reader is very excellent.The screen is a bit small but you can accommodate.
I use this mini tablet at the gym to watch streaming tv and movie shows.- easy to setup- take a bit of time to get used to various screens- touch screen is a little slow to respond- bluetooth connectivity is not automatic. I have to try and connect the same device every time I use the tablet- overall very good for the price
The product is easy to use and loads everything quickly. The voice command works great and the 4k picture looks fantastic
Up and coming new technology helps everyone to enjoy life more greatly
With the new update allowing hands-free "Hey Alexa" commands, this is a great device. The battery allows you to disconnect from the wall. The sound is very good and fills a small room well with decent levels. Alexa is very accurate (most of the time) to voice commands. My only complaint is that Bluetooth streaming from devices (like my iPhone or iPad) sometimes breaks up and stutters a bit. Other than that, I think this is a great device.
Completely satisfied with the Amazon Fire TV. I'll never go back to cable TV again.
She has learned how to play games and learning games. Easy to get to her apps and learned how to download. She charges it every night so it can be ready for her when she gets out of school
It was a great buy at Black Friday easy to use very portable
I bought this for my mother for Christmas. She is not the most technological advanced individual. She really wanted a tablet and this one works great and is super easy to use. I went to program it for her and she insisted on doing it herself. She was able to no problem!
Had nothing but prblems wasnt satisfied at all and will never buy agian
So easy to use and help with everyday things. The more you use it the more you can do with it.
I use this all the time for playing games and reading books, it's great for surfing the web too.
Permanent offers of games are a nuisance. But the reading experience is very good.
I don't like this tablet as Android is not working well
Got this for my daughter 2nd birthday and she absolutely love it.
Bought this to carry around for Internet and gaming. So far very happy.
I purchased one of these to tested it out and wound up purchasing too more
Purchased as a gift gor fathers day and our while family enoys Alexa. New skills are always veing added. The sound is great and I really like that you can feedback on what she "hears."
Bought the unit as it has apps that allow for linking my Sling TV device and freeing up my IPad and Apple TV all in one box.
My grandson really enjoyed this product. Good deal.
Bought 2 for the kids so they can read and play games. I have bought other tablets under $100 and this one, in my opinion, is the best one for the price.
This is my second Echo. I have one in the living room that I use every day and needed one for the bedroom. I never thought I'd need a product like this but It has become an integral part of daily way of life. The sound is great. I use it for my alarm, to get weather info, and latest news. I plan on getting my lights and thermostat connected. A+
my kids like them so much i buy 3 of them and i got a real good deal on them
Box works good with Kodi. Voice feature isn't as good as apple tv.
This is the best smart tv box out there, I've tried Roku, and I'm not a big fan, also have seen Apple TV, and used to own a google chrome cast, but the amazon tv is the easiest to use, and I think is the best bang for the buck! Even if you have a smart TV I recommend buying an Amazon tv box. Watching any Netflix, or Amazon prime videos is easy, loads super fast, and works great. Especially if you download the Kodi app on the box!! I am a loyal customer as I have 4 Amazon tv boxes in my home!
I really love the Echo. I actually bought it to listen to music but I use it for many other things.
The touch is a great device to control connected home products. Perfect for outside use for prime music also.
having fun with it would tell a friend to try this one great sound
Alexa is a terrific tool for automating smart home functions such as turning on and off lights, locking doors, etc.
amazing deal, quick and fast menus, and 4k! cant be beat
Great product would recommend it this to others. Have a great picture.
Works well
We love this option for home movies. Easy to set up and very user friendly.
I used to read with my ipad , but there was always a glare in the car and even in my house when the sun was coming in the window. The Paperwhite takes care of all glare problems I had, so now I can read whenever and wherever I want.
I absolutely love this kindle fire. It has so many nice options and is small enough to carry when I go out! Great for games and emails.
Nice entry level tablet for minor Web browsing and applications. More bloat ware than I need.
My favorite new product that can do anything!! I love my Alexa as an alarm clock.
I had been eyeing the Amazon Echo for a while now. Best Buy had a sale for 50% off (normally $199 it was $90) so I jumped on it. I absolutely love my Amazon Echo. It was everything I imagined it would be and more. If I had to do it all over again I would have paid the $199.
This is the best of all kindles- affordable and easier to read. The backlight option is good to read in dark.
Was looking for a cheap tablet for my a son to use saw this unit on sale on black Friday good unit.
The Amazon Echo was a wonderful Christmas gift. Anything you want to know, just ask Alexa and she will answer!
My granddaughter loves this. It is perfect for her to play her games and entertain herself for a long time.
I wasn't sure I would like it because I didn't know all that it could do. I am very pleased with my amazon echo and I am very happy I brought it.
I like my tablet. Been doing a lot more reading than normal with it. Only disspoinment is that my TV has automatic Chromecast and you cannot cast to it on my Toshiba TV. Works on others. TVs. I like it.
This Kindle has a decent screen and image quality. The feature I miss most is the lack of capability of this tablet to automatically shut down when you close the case - but understandable at the price point.
For the price, it's hard to beat. Don't go into this thinking it is like any other Android tab. In many ways it is, and the ability to sideload apps helps. But this is primarily a vehicle to get you into the Amazon ecosystem. Not necessarily bad, but those expecting full access to Google will be disappointed.What it is good for:Web surfingNewsreaderAudio playerNetflix, Hulu, etcWhat's not so great:No GPS, location enabled but not true GPSScreen Resolution, angles and clarity are good but given the price, it can be forgiven
Great product for when you are on the go.great sound
Really good product voice commands work a lot better than expected. Even just using it as a speaker I feel like I got my moneys worth.
Bought it for a friend for Christmas. They like it and use it everyday. Definitely recommend it for others.
Bought 2 for Grandkids (8 & 11 yrs old) Christmas present. Easy to use, great entertainment, games, access to all their sites. They Love it!!!
Decent sound as a music source. Rely on it for news briefing and weather reports.
Back lighting bothers my eyes so I like that you can turn it off
Easy to transfer my stuff from my old Kindle into this new one. Love the price and how easy it is to use. Great buy.
Love Echo - using in bedroom. My wife uses it more than I, and we're probably using only 1/4 of Alexa's ability. Mostly listen to music which fills the room well.
My 3yr old grandson loves it. Will only be used for him
This is for my son he loves it works for his games
I would say this is great for kids, but the apps are very limited. There are only a few good free apps in the kindle store. The battery life is very poor. The volume is either loud or it can't be heard. It's hard to find a good middle ground. Overall it's still a good tablet for the price.
Almost feels like reading a book in a light comforting way. Easy to carry around. Great on eyes and reading is enjoyable
Purchased before going on vacation. Good price and compact design. Works great better than paperbacks
The Amazon Kindle is light weight and easy to use.
Amazon echo is a great speaker if you love techy things! It tells you the weather and whatever else you would like to do!
I did not use more than internet, for that works perfect
Alexia is so convient, love music so she makes me so happy. I have not tried the other options of getting the light fixture attachments to turn on and off lights.
Purchased this item for a friend, keep it for myself. Best purchase ever!!!!
Purchased this for my kindle and it does what it's intended to do. Quality looks fine as well.
I absolutely love this product and how they recommend it
Very nice. Easy to use. Got it to use with Amazon prime. Great combo.
I am enjoying my Amazon Firestick TV. The best investment I've made.
Great upgrade from Kindle Fire. Reasonably priced for product.
My kids love this. They can come down stairs and tell it to play music while they eat breakfast and wake up
This is the first Kindle I buy and I was hoping to be a good experience which so far has been. You may not treat this device as a limited tablet since it is not. It's a reader that works just fine for that. If you compare it you'll feel it lacks speed or responsiveness, but remember that this is just a reader and it works fine for that purpose. The extra feature, the backlight, works pretty fine even at dark rooms without leaving you blind.
Not sure what all the hype is about, this AI is remedial at best. It responds with the exact same answer to vastly different questions. Not intuitive at all. Save your money.
Its great love to watch my favorite shows and read books
Product was a Christmas gift, to replace and older Kindle Fire
Easy to install and great for home! Every home should have one!
Pros: The E-Ink display is easy on the eyes, very sharp. Great battery life.Cons: Dependant on Amazon's Infrastructure to manage. Because of that limitation I give it 3 stars.
This download movies fast and quick. You get a good picture when using the fire tv because you have to use your hdmi wire
Love the small size and the auto light. Use this every day.
Bought this as a birthday gift for my 80 year old dad and he loves it. Even though he is tech savvy, no need to be to setup or use.
Tucks into my purse for on the go entertainment.It has great battery life for reading or gaming.
Like the product but haven't utilized it enough yet for home automation.
you can ask alexa almost anything kids love it Plays all my music
Needs to have some hardcopy instructions in the package..
The extra money for the Voyage version is well worth it, as the screen is brighter, clearer, and easier on the eyes. The other specs are also nicer compared to other Kindle versions, but the screen is what sold me.
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson. He loves to read, but also play games and watch you tube videos. It's perfect for him.
I got this for my 6 yr old son, I was looking to get him the Samsung tab 4 but this was a great deal less money. It works for the things he does.
Second kindle I use it for reading,games,internet,and shopping
This tablet is able to do everything other tablets do. It has expandable memory and you are able to download apps from the play market.
My 3rd Amazon Fire TV (for different rooms) and it is such a great product. Much easier to navigate then the built in smart TV functions for watching other apps and it is much more responsive for searching for shows using the voice controlled search function.
Work with almost all my automated appliances at home and keep updating adding new products, is a great addition to your smart home.
Hoped this Fire HD 8 would be faster than my old HD Fire...not so much, I guess I expected the new Fire HD 8 to perform better but it still lags and is slow to load information while surfing the Internet. My wife's Ipad is light years ahead on this one, but what do you expect from a 60-70 dollar tablet.
Lot of ads from amazon. Other than that, good for light use
Tablet is a great tool to use the world wide web and check email.
Very fast easy to use easy to find better than the stick
Wonderful and fast little tablet. It already servesany uses...
Got this for my 10 year old grandson. He really likes it a lot. This is good for kids to learn responsibility using tablets.
Was a Christmas gift for my daughter in college, so she hasn't used it much yet. But seems like it should be good for her.
Great tablet, great resolution, very light and fast speed.
LOVE IT VERY GOOD IDEM,Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY
You can go cheap and get the fire stick, but for $60 more this is worth it. Ignore the bad reviews, as in October 2015 when it was released it had several software bugs which are now fixed. I did my homework on media devices and the newest Roku & Apple TV's doesn't compare to this Fire TV box. The only thing you'll get semi better luck with is the Nvidia shield, but you'll also pay almost $100 more for it versus this fire tv box.
Yes this is a fantastic product so many things to do with said product...
First, bought it 15 days before it went on sale everywhere. Next, store doesn't tell you about all the ads offers that come with it and you must pay $15 to disable them. Performance is slow; keypad is slow, am typing faster than it can register resulting in lots of typos. Watching movies is decent, but sound could be better. It drops WiFi more than I'm used to. Have several apps that cannot be installed on it and a few that consistently crash. Good battery kifre, but Quite slow to recharge. Sometimes the "keys" stick and can't get out of something even with home key, must restart. Thought this would be cheap temporary solution but this is better served by my 5 year old grandson.I got $50 worth of tablet.Compared to the look and feel of my old iPad, its like I'm still using a VCR and everyone else is on blue ray.
My daughter loves her new Kindle. It has all of her favorite games. I love the parental controls of the kindle fires vs. standard Android tablets.
This is a great gift has every thing you need to have fun
The first of these failed after a week or so with lines in the screen. I took it back to BB and they replaced it with another. I was able to automatically reinstall everything I had on the first with no problem. I love this device. I bought it to download and read books from my library, but it does much more. It notifies me when I receive mail and I switch from a book to it and can read it on the device and then easily switch back. I can also do a lot of research that I normally do on my PC. I highly recommend it.
If you want one of the most advanced alarm clocks on the market then this is your device!It works well. Calendar functions, plays radio, most podcasts, can order Domino's. But you have to be aware that most features require to some degree Amazon Prime membership. For example Spotify will not work unless it is a premium account.
This is the best Kindle yet and I am loving it! For someone who suffers from eye strain but loves to read, the 300 dpi image resolution and the liquid ink technology are beyond compare. Buy it, you won't regret it!!
Purchased this TV as a birthday present, and it didn't disappoint! She absolutely loves it, raves about it all the time! Great sound, display and was easy to mount.
This is a good tablet for kids who are starting off
The smart home integration in this device is amazing! Great sounding speaker with a full, rich sound. Voice recognition is very good...could hear me from across the room with no problem.
We bought 3 of these on Black Friday! They work great and the whole family is happy!
I got it for my daughter for Christmas. I really liked the kids setting where she only had access to kid friendly apps and websites.
Affordable price awesome quality I love my Amazon fire tablet
I love this Tablet. It's easy to use, a great price & lightweight.
Neighbor has one, and just loves it. So I bought one.
The Amazon- Fire Tv is a great tool for streaming. I suggest it to anyone that didn't ha and a Smart TV but wants those options.
great for the kids and protection is good ! and best buy is making me write more stuff here so that people can go ahead and buy this product...
No prob loved it highly recommend. Easy to transport. Great graphics.
if you use it for certain things it's great. Can find most everything on it. Only a few things that can't be downloaded or found in the appstore
This was a gift from my wife. I wanted a lighter Kindle and this is it. I have been happy with this new version.
my 8 year old son has a new found passion for reading now that he is using this kindle.
Pleased with all the features. Amazon did another fantastic job with bringing great sound inna small package.
Bought this for my girlfriends daughter, she can access Facebook, Netflix and many more apps now.. Nice convenient size. Good deal!
Notbing beats it. I tried getting the app on my iPad and it works. But nothing like the reader itself. I bring it everywhere. It's light and I hardly notice it in my bag.
Family of 5 and now 6 with Alexa. Seriously she adds another element to our family entertainment and smart home utility. Kids play games with her, like 20 ?s, jeopardy, riddles, jokes, and daily Easter eggs. While the adults like smart concerts, sports highlights, news briefs and all the things your "Siri" can do, by more. Like turn on/off your lights, coffee maker, tv, and whatever else you hook your smart outlets to.(sold separately) Now for the "Alexa bugs." More often than not, we find ourselves repeating commands. Attempted fix, by using voice training multiple times in areas we are most when aroud Alexa. Saw minor improvement. We also wish the command to increase or lower volume was more efficient. Shouting "Alexa, volume 5 multiple times after a song you liked was at volume 7 or higher is annoying. We've learned to manually adjust her volume at the base which we can do with our old stereo? I was curious how Alexa would respond to 5 different voice patterns. Surprisingly , once she hears her name and the command prompt, she responds correctly 89% of the time.My wife tells me I'm cheating on "Siri" and "Cortana" as "Alexa" has quickly won my heart and my kids as well. We're glad we went with this, not the dot or google home. If you plan on making voice purchases as commercials advertise, careful- your kids might order 50lbs of cookie dough as Alexa doesn't recognize who's voice is ordering it. Overall, the gimmicks wear off, but we routinely enjoy smart concerts and our smart light system. soon we will be asking these robots to do our dishes, laundry, cook, or whatever else humans don't feel like doing. Hopefully I see this unfold in my lifetime- Brunsch
Friend recommended this product. Mainly use for music but controls my tv and fios.
I love this tablet!! Excellent quality speakers and screen. Lots of storage space. Worth the money!!
We have this and the echo. We love them. My grandchildren have fun asking questions
For the price it was well worth it. Tablet works great and definitely better than other tablets at this price. It's perfect for reading or playing games and very easy to use!
Purchased the Fire Table for an elderly person birthday. They love it and is on the internet all the time reading news articles. The Fire Tablet is a good gift item.
Wow - for 49.99? You gotta be kidding me. What a great buy for the money!
Kindle Fire image are very clear and very helpful my kid love it I definitely recommend to buy it
No issues works as good as ur internet... No buffering
The item for my son is 4 years old he really likes it it's a good buy
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
I bought this for myself and I am enjoying it. I like all of the information I can get. I also like that it can play music that I picked out and give me interesting facts for the day. I have it set up that I can get soothing sounds when I want to just relax. I am still learning everything that it can do.
Great gift for a younger person who wants a tablet
Great smooth tablets with many apps to choose from
Bought for my wife. She seems to love it. Links to Internet and phone very easy. Easily understands voices from multiple people with different accents. Turns kitchen into an instant dance floor during cooking.
This Amazon Fire has some nice features that my old Kindle Fire HD did not, like a camera and microphone for video chat. I wish that its keypad would do swiping, though. I miss that and am not as happy with the autofill on this model. Overall, though, it operates well. The browser could be a little faster.
Bought for my 6 year old. I recommend using a third party case. The kindle one is great for impacts but it pops out with a simple twist.
I love my Kindle black. I can read for hours without making my eyes sore the way a phone screen would. The functions are easy to use. Everything is set up clearly and simply. It's shape is adorable, and it's surprisingly light. The battery does last a long time.
Bought this as present for the sister. She loves it. For browsing the internet and the occasional games its perfect. Would definitely recommend.
This a great tablet for kids ...my twins had them last year but one of them broke because my daughter dropped it...so she is requesting another one for Christmas ...it serves its purpose for the price
Awesome product it's better than cable t.v my family and all love it
Alexa integrated work faster then the fire stick I would recommend this device watch my 4K videos
Love my Echo! I am still new to the process and am learning how to use it. Listening to music is a great pleasure! The sound is so rich and enjoyable. I look forward to learning more about it and installing Echo-compatible products in my home.
I used this player for Netfis andl streaming movies.
Great tablet with reasonable price. Best one from amazon
If you are a hardcore reader, this is your Kindle! The light makes a huge difference to read under any conditions, its a big improvement from the standard Kindle, if you are unsure between one or the other, go for the Paperwhite, its worth the extra money.
Great unit at a great price for reading and storing recipes and cooking.
I have really enjoyed it so far. While not perfect by any means it is certainly worth the price.
Great for the child. Unfortunately it doesn't have a volume limit setting
We love it have had no issues stays charged long...
I love the picture quality and the voice feature on the remote is priceless. Would buy again!!!
Best has some of the best products! They are very helpful in finding products! This tablet works great for reading books or watching movies!
Great quality, great price and best of all has good sound.
Amazon Fire tv work great when you have family over your house .get great activity for ages 5 to 60
Got this during Christmas rush and didn't think much of it since it was slightly open. (They had none in stock and needed 4 of them for all my children ) upon opening item , one had a small crack (bearly noticeable ). Increased useage of item cause the screen to spider web... tried to return but no help with management .... store at fountains in El Paso Texas . So I have 3 perfect kindles and one cracked .... very disappointed 1 star
Great size and the ability to make print type changes. Love to carry whiletraveling and my time, spare time,can be managed better to reading, which I love to do.
Does what I need!
Bonus that I can link my smart home (lights, outlets, thermostat) and have Echo control devices with a voice command.
Very easy to set up....I have other android tv boxes and this is by far one of the best.
The fire was a good size. Good image easy to setup. It was what I wanted. Ads popup every time you start it but not a big deal to ignore them
I thoroughly enjoy the product it is really great and the best ever build by any company.
Enjoy using this product. My granddaughter downloads multiplied games to play and can play them while traveling. Good size and can easily fit into small bag.
Picked this up for my 7 year old and he picked it up faster than i did.
Pros - HD quality for low price. Works really well with my Amazon account to access multiple Amazon features with extreme ease. Couldn't be happier. I have iPads too which are extremely versatile but they came with a big price but not this tablet. Love it!
I like the tech but it goes off off line way to often and it's not that easy to get restarted some times.
Great price works great I have no complaints about the product I would recommend to any one that loves kindle
Great for kids to watch video and games. Love it...
Only downfall is there are lots of pop up ads, otherwise a great inexpensive tablet!
Love everything about my new tablet. Good for on the go work related stuff or even just basic movie watching or emails.
Simple to setup, use and update. We listen to music 3x as much as we used to as a family since it is so easy to use Amazon prime music or Pandora.
I bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter. She loves it and now thinks its great since she has her own computer she says.
Not many negative things to say. It's solid, and comes with a lot of preloaded content. Sign in with your Amazon account email and you're set. Use a USB dongle and wireless keyboard to really streamline your input, in case the voice command leaves you frustrated.
This Amazon fire tablet is a nice little tablet. Picture is sufficient for the price. Audio output is on back so if it's in a case, the sound is muted, but otherwise nice tablet for the price....
Bought 2 of these for my younger girls for travel. It is great. Only downfall was low storage but that was fixed by adding additional memory card.
Excellent product. Can get some apps that the fire stick and Roku 3 can not. Of course this is a small screen but offers more flexibility than just streaming. Its a computer, kindle and mobile device all in one.
I brought this item for my parent and it fits all of her needs.
Very good buy. I am enjoying my new tablet. Great buy!
Best performance I can get. Just plug n play few mods and you are on.
Gave this as a gift to someone who didn't think they'd want one, with in a week they were in love with it. Easy setup to use with your library card.
My first attempt at kindle. It is nice. Not a very quick processor but gets the job done
Great starter tablet takes great pics and the screen is a great size to start off with when first using a tablet
This tablet is excellent when you are an on-the-go person. You not only have the ability to access the internet, but you have the ability to read a good book as well. You will not have to lug a big book with you if youre out and about. I have never had a tablet where books can be downloaded onto it (and its free). I am one satisfied customer!
I like having the option of a tablet. The one thing I overlooked is it did not have internal microphone program, but that only limited the translator apps. My cell phone has the same app, so no biggie. Nice tablet at a bargain.
Easy plug and play. Great little addition to the TV experience!!!
Was a gift for a friend who enjoys how convenient and light it is.
I love hear readers, I had to replace mine because I destroyed the last, but it is awesome
I'm planning on returning this tablet just as soon as I can!`
Gift for daughter. She loves it. Just opened so as far as I know it will be a great purchase.
Great product. Has so many outstanding benefits. Love this product
I purchased my Voyage yesterday. It looked like I scratched the screen today and I contacted Amazon directly and they replaced my Voyage under the warentee I did not need to go thru bestbuy. Turns out it was food and not a scratch and canceled the replacement but point is Amazon backs up their products! I do not think its worth 199$ for there is a weird screen discoloration where the top appears orangeish and the bottom blueish but only under certain lighting conditions BUT its barely noticeable. In normal light it looks quite normal. Due to cost it will be a great first purchase but no real need to upgrade from paperwhite BUT in its defense the Voyage is much much lighter, thinner and more responsive and the page turn buttons are seamless. Over all this is a mighty nice product. Side note: I own a Nook glow-light plus which is cheaper and looks nicer and has a great feel to it as well. Nook glowlight plus is more stylish with the copperish color back and white textured front. The Voyage is attractive too BUT I think it will sell better if it had a " two toned" color Like maybe a white front and a colored back side. Voyage is much faster than the nook but prettymuch same features. I just feel Amazon can afford to make their product more stylish. Also best buy does not seem to offer and real choices for cases on their kindles and tablets. I had to order a cover at ebay.
amazon won't let us download Plants vs Zombies.otherwise, it's terrific.
I am enjoying my Kindle Fire. This is my third Kindle, but my first Kindle Fire. I really like the portability and the fact that in addition to books, the internet , checking my emails, I can also use it as a camera.
Great tablet fast and great resolution. Great with prime membership
I was super hesitant to get the new 7" kindle fire because it was so cheap and I was sure it would be poor quality buy boy was I wrong! We got 3 of them (1 per kid) and they LOVE them. We put kid safety programs on them to keep them in an approved section of the games we have allowed and they work great. My husband and I steal them all of the time for Netflix and I couldn't be happier. 100% happy with the purchases. Still can't believe they were so cheap!!!
It's not as simple as cable but much cheaper and compact.
headphone port did not work at first but after a hard reset the worked
overall a good product for the price. would recommend
Excellent product. Use it everyday for all types of information and music.
This is a great tablet for kids. Its got great parental controls and its easy for the kids to use. I even enjoy playing angry birds on it
Echo is wonderful and super smart. Love you can interrupt a skill and she will return to it when finished with what you asked her.
I love it. Good Camera and perfect for surfing the web.
The value was there with a sale price reduction of $30. Especially for the 16GB model. Another key factor is the 2 year no questions asked warranty replacement. A valuable consideration for a tablet primarily used by a child.
Bought this for my son(11). We all love Alexa. She will sing songs, tell jokes, get you caught up on news, play music,alarms, control lights and so much more. Really fun electronic to have.
Since I am more of an Apple Buckie, I wish this had more integration to my iTunes Library. I use it with my LifeX lights, get the news and weather. Not sure I would buy it again, but if you are a Google Buckie then it would be a great toy
I am extremely happy with my new Kindle Voyage. The text is so sharp and crisp, the images look much better than on the Kindle Paperwhite. The device is extremely light and comfortable to hold, The adaptive front light works great. I have an iPad with the Kindle app, but the reading experience is so much better on my Kindle Voyage that don't regret the purchase one bit.
I wish this came in white to match my Kindle Paperwhite
A must buy if you want to read without the hassle of a physical book!
The box works great it is compact, easy to install and all around easy to navigate. The only reason I did not give the full star rating is that my remote keeps giving out. It will work most the time then it will just stopped I have replaced the batteries. That's not the issue I actually have to take the batteries out and put them back in to some times get the remote working again. I am hoping getting the remote replaced will be easy and hassle free
I use Alexa daily. The speaker is loud. Also buy the remote it's convenient.
I previously owned a Samsung Tab3. As a media device (for reading, viewing, listening, playing), the HD8 is fine, even a step up in screen size, clarity, and ease of navigation. However, the proprietary nature of Amazon's apps basically eliminates (for me) using it for work (e-mail, document & spreadsheet storage/retrieval/editing). Since I didn't buy it for its work capabilities, that's fine, but I think that would be annoying to a specific segment of potential users. At some point I will probably spring for a more-expensive updated Samsung tablet (or Windows Surface, if I'm feeling reckless), and the HD8 will probably be passed on to my 9-year-old.
I purchased this for a small child to use. She is quite happy with it, however it was a little too slow for my taste.
We have the smaller one, and been great. This one is even better, because of the size.
Great product if you are already a heavy Amazon user. Bought one for my parents and they love how they can stream free movies from Prime.
ideal for reading books just like a hard cover book
I have the basic kindle but decided to get this one. Now it's my main reading device.
I would highly recommend this product for the money
The Echo has been great so far. I love to play Jeopardy on it. It was easy and fun to find kids music when my nieces were over and holiday music when we wanted to get in the spirit. I wish it could answer more questions and it struggles to find the weather for my house which is located in a decent size city.
it is excellent. easy to use. kids use it easily. durable, been dropped a few times and still works
We purchased 3 of these tablets for all of our children. They are perfect for them with little worry that they will get destroyed. Still functional for everything they do on them.
We have had no problems since we purchased our Alexa. I have it hooked up to our Honeywell Thermostat and our Wemo light switch in the kitchen< and we have had no problems operating our devices. The kids love Alexa for playing their music.
I heart Alexa!! I use the shopping list app and use it to stream music all the time. My kids love asking it jokes and riddles. My only complaint is that I want a second one. Whenever I move it to a different room it can be a pain. It takes it a while to reconnect and it can be aggrivating. As long as I don't move it (unplug it) I'm fine!
I really enjoyed my purchase. The tablet is awesome and my son really stays glued to it. Battery power is awesome.
I got the Echo for my elderly dad who has poor vision and has difficulty using his computer. It's great, now he can ask Alexa whatever he wants to know! We have an issue with his wifi though, he has DSL through frontier and it is poor at times. So sometimes Alexa doesn't work. You know she didn't hear you because she has a blue light when she hears her name. dad is not patient, so we'll see if he still enjoys Alexa if she isn't entirely dependable.
Good tablet, got it on black Friday for my daughter and it was only $39. Works well, no problems. My daughter loves it!
I love to give my friends and family Echo's. Now, I can give them a white one. This is my most favorite gift of all time.
Love this tablet. I got it for my niece to watch her videos on and educational videos. She doesn't put it down. The battery life is awesome.
This was exactly what we needed. No if it could only make me a sandwich.
I wanted to buy the kids edition but it cost a little more, so I decided to go with this one and it turns out to be exactly what I need. I am not sure but I think the only difference is the rubber case.
Amazon has done a good job but the reader is still a little on the small size for my liking. The light is a key feature for night readers. Interface is well laid out. Purchased for a family member who is happy with it.
Got this for my granddaughter. It is perfect for her she listens to her music, makes videos for you tube and plays games! I actually am going to get one for myself~
Works perfectly user friendly and has voice recognition. Don't waste money on a roku or nexus player. Definitely worth the money. Can do 4k and even non 4k much better picture quality.
I found the Amazon Fire HD to be very easy to travel back and forth to school. I can easily transfer my work in class to my main computer at home!
I think that my Amazon tablet does all that I need for it to do.Handy to have when traveling.Easy to operate.
I bought this because of the low price on Black Friday. My aging eyesight was making it difficult to read my original Kindle. And, I have gotten spoiled by my other products with touch screen. Thrilled I bought this because can see to read at night again and touch screen is nice. The light is not too bright, so does not cause headaches for me.
Love my kindle. Easy to use. My daughter has a kindle and we can share books.
The experience of reading on this device is not the same, you should try. Quality is awesome and light adjustment as well.
Very fast and interface is cery user friendly a+ rating
I read reviews before making a decision for my purchase, but ended up returning the device as I was expecting an experience like that of an Android tablet.
I love this tablet for my 5 and 7 year olds!!! They have tons of kid friendly games that keeps them busy for hours
It was easy to setup. The kids love it! Pretty good battery life.
its a good starter device for the kids but it has limitations for what you can download because its not an apple device.
This is a great tablet. My last tablet was a Nexus (a gift) which did not really impress me. The Fire tablet has everything I need to keep myself entertained when I am on the go or recovering from a busy work week.
Awesome ereader for anyone looking for convince of paperless books. The ability to adjust the backlight is awesome!
Great product. She seems like her favorite answers right now are I'm not sure about that, but I know it has a lot of great features
Great little tablet, but I was disappointed it did not wake/sleep with productive cases.
Love the idea of AI and this is easy to use. Even my 3 year old grandson knows how to play music or turn on lights. Then I can't pass up a great price.
I thought I could read from my ipad, was a I wrong! Using this Kindle is amazing and I will never read from my ipad again AND I feel like I am holding a book again, great work!
Purchased this as an upgrade to the first generation Kindle Paperwhite. The backlight is greatly improved, the display is of a higher quality, the words are clearer and the internal process is a lot quicker — opening books and page flipping is noticeably speedier.The one thing that does annoy me about the 3rd generation Paperwhite is the way it's manufactured — when you hold it at a certain angle and you look at the bottom of the screen, you can see a small section of the display covered in the e-ink used to render the words and images on the rest of the screen. At first I thought this was a manufacturing defect, so I took it back to Best Buy and exchanged it for the same model, only to find that the second model had the same issue, except more-visible.This appears to have something to do with the way the display is placed behind the bezel during the manufacturing process. When the Paperwhite first came out, it was the crown jewel of Amazon's e-reader line, and Amazon was careful to precision-craft the devices. Now, that honor falls to the more-expensive Voyage, with the Paperwhite becoming the flagship, but still cheaper, option in the Kindle lineup, meaning the manufacturing quality of the Paperwhite is likely a bit reduced compared to that of the Voyage.This won't be a huge annoyance for some people. It is for me. And it's seriously made me consider whether it's worth contacting Amazon over.For everyone else, though, this is a great e-reader and well worth the money. If you're looking for an e-reader, this is the one to buy.
Awesome fantastic super duper perfecto magnificent great
Spiffy toy and ad they add more items to control it will become even better
This is a nice item to get especially when your husband is a movie buff. It will allow you to go to extended channels in order to watch whatever taste you may have for watching TV.. It allows you watch all kinds of sports from soccer, to football, to baseball to lacrosse, to whatever interests you.
Purchased for my grandson, he loves it. Purchased a blue cover for him
The echo is pretty fun to use but is definitely more useful when paired with other smart home devices. I can control my Lifx bulb and my Ecobee smart thermostat with voice commands. She's also programmed with some funny lines and is fun to chat with to see what she says.
Easy to install has everything that I need and more!!!!
Price was right, great tablet for playing games and reading
I read a lot so I wanted a light weight device. It's user friendly. You can adjust the brightness of light and turn pages easily. It fits nicely in my bag. I take it everywhere. I highly recommend it!
This product worked excellent right out of the box. Setup was very easy and a no-brainer. I am totally pleased with this product and yes I would recommend it to my friends.
The voice control is great. Took some time to get used to installing skills and specific phrases.
It is a great product for entertaining. Love Alexa on this but wish it would work with the echo
Got it for my husband....he loves it! I wish I had gotten it for him sooner!!
Oh my goodness! I cannot imagine what I did BEFORE I had my Alexa Echo (and I now own 3 Dots around the house). I am always asking questions, setting alarms and timers and playing great music! Works perfectly for me and she understands almost everything say but I have a very distinct, clear voice and of course, it's all in how you word what you are asking for. LOVE IT!
The touch control, page change controls, are a little to sensitive. Web browser "too" experimental.
My daughter loves this tablet hard to get her to put it down. Strong battery and a full tablet for her as she ages
Lots of fun, but also very useful. Have it connected to my Nest Thermostat and going to connect it to my Casta Wireless switches. The speaker has great bass for its size. Search YouTube videos for tips and tricks. It does more then you think,
I was really surprised how easy it was to use and set up. I may be looking to add one in my man cave and bedroom too! Great device
I purchased two of these tablets, for my 10 and 11 year old daughters. They work great! Very good deal for the price.
The cloud based service makes sure that it keeps updating the new softwares and services without manual intervention.
Exceeds all expectations and perfect fit for my 9 year old.
My daughter loves it. She loves the books that she can read.
It is a very nice reading source. I bought it for my wife. She had the original Kindle and liked it but the back lighting makes all the difference. Nice size and good battery life.
Great personal assistant, calender works well , and you can message friends who have an Alexa. List for grocery store works well and sports updates are great
I've had the Fire 1st gen and Fire stick. All have been great. The added power on this 2nd gen is great.
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
Great performing little device, easy installation and great picture quality.
Exciting tablet still amazed by the ease of use great product all in all
my grandson-8-loves this --the games and the books!
I don't know how to use this stupid tablet, but my kids sure love it. We've downloaded games and movies for the kids, and they seem to be fairly entertained by the darn thing. We bought one for Christmas, and ended up getting a second one so the kids stop fighting.
I am very impressed with this tablet. It is faster than some iPads I have used. I gave this as a gift and my Mother-in-law loves it. Thank you
It's like having the world in the palm of your hand it really is .it does everything you need it to do AND fits in your pockets AND when you hold it the balance is so perfect it's like holding a baby. I highly recommend for the times when your lap top is just too much
I love this device, what I like is the parental controls with the apps that kids want to explore and download it could be dangerous, but its not. Also this has the capability of having a 128 gb memory card. With the features of Amazon that means access to underground games and the ability to download shows and movies. This is a great product for beginners and the advanced.
It is a good device consider its low cost. Display isn't great plus the Amazon version of the OS is inferior comparing to Android.
I have been using my phone to play games and Facebook. This Tablet is awesome. Wish I had bought several more for my grand children.
This is my 2nd Echo, and I also have two of the smaller Dots. Amazon has now enabled multi-room music playing, with all your speakers that you've designated perfectly synced with each other. It also serves as a good quality Bluetooth speaker so you can use it with any other app on your device for sound. I also use it to control my connected lights and can even operate my entertainment system through a logitech hub. And, the voice assistant Alexa is just getting smarter and smarter with every passing month. Get it on sale when it's under 100 dollars and it makes one of the most useful electronics purchases you could make!
I have multiple streaming devices in my home to include an appletv but I love that the fire stick is small and discreet
Good one and working without any issues. Slim and portable
I cannot believe this came with the SD Card slot. This is by far the best amazon tablet purchased
It's works really well and don't have any issues at all
My Kindle Fire HD meets my reading and web needs!!
The Tap is a great portable speaker with fantastic sound. If you press a button then you can connect to Amazon Alexa and she can play your music, answer questions, etc. Downgraded one star because there is supposed to be a hands free option for Alexa but I haven't been able to get it to work. Still great to be able to take this around the house vs Echo which is tied to the plug.
I love to have books read to me but don't want to have to pay for Audible. Since regular Kindles have long sonce done away with speakers, I had to go to the Kindle Fire line. I was blown away! Not only can I read boops and do text to speech, I can also do netfkix, we surfing and check my email. I love me new fire and recommend it to everyone.
Works well. Lots of advertising. Minecraft works great and other video games.
Great for my son. I monitor school work and apps he downloads.
I bought 2 as gifts. One for my husbands birthday. He reads a lot of books and is enjoying not holding the heavy books. The other for our granddaughters Christmas. Both seem very pleased. My husband said he should get me one for my birthday.
I love my amazon fire .I use it everyday.best item I ever bought..everyone should have one.
Love this tablet. Has all the best features of a kindle and a regular tablet. It is easy to use and does exactly what it is supposed to do with zero fuss.
My eyes feel good with paperwhite when lights out.
Bought this 8" model to use in addition to my current 3 year old Kindle Fire HD (7 inch model). So far I am very pleased with the quality of this unit. The slightly larger screen makes watching movies much better. I didn't want the larger 10" screen (yet).
Too Much Amazon, not enough Google But for $35.00 to surf the net is ok I guess.
I love it. These things are sold out everywhere. Except at BestBuy.
i got this kindle for xmas. simply lovely. i would strongly recommend you to get one
Bought it for my daughter. Works great Store personnel did an excellent job
Purchased this on sale for my son. He and I use the tablet to watch movies, play games, read books, and browse the Internet. It's great for the price we paid. If you're a fan of Amazon, you automatically have apps for their services.The downside is you are not able to use google apps and the adds that appear from Amazon when you turn the device on.
i think amazon fire tv has more to offer than apple tv. really good, easy to use
I bought this kindle for my 11yr old granddaughter for Christmas. Me and my husband both had kindles several years prior, and she and my 6 year old grandson love watching and playing on them. Both children have all kinds of game systems but use the kindle way more. My 6 yr old grandson still plays with mine and loves watching you tube, videos and playing games on it. He has several game systems, Xbox, sega, ds but still uses my kindle all the time over those systems.my husband used his all the time for everything from internet to watching movies and shows. I'm getting ready to buy my grandson a new kindle( mine is a bit older and has cracked screen now but still works good).He would like one to call his own. I'm looking at a 16 GB or 32 GB.they are really durable and tough.
my daughter just loved this kindle fire. she said it was the perfect gift that she could receive.
I'm really happy with my Kindle Fire! It's easy to use and has so many featuresdon't know why I waited so long to get one :)
Love it working good no lag or anything best gift I have so far
Was undecided between new PaperWhite and Voyage models and doing a lot of research to see which one is best. Based on some personal analysis on in-store samples, I felt the Voyage has nothing more price worthy than what new PW could offer with lesser $$$. If you are undecided like me, don't worry about the gimmicks of voyage, go for PW..
I have 2 of those and work great and fast is a Bluetooth.
I'm loving this new fire, mainly because I didn't fork out a couple hundred for it. My only beef is that magazines are formatted for the demensions of an iPad so don't look great on this
Bought this as a Xmas gift for my 5 yr old grandson. He really loves it. I think the charger could use a longer cord though. He plays PBS Kids games and it really burns the battery down quick.
This kindle fire tablet was perfect gift for child she is 3 years old bit can work it and loves it
My stepkids are pretty rough on their toys and these have lasted pretty darn well so far. Easy to update and add games, apps and school related material. Go for it if you are looking for a pretty darn decent tablet for the lil ones
The Amazon Echo is worth the cost for the speaker feature alone. I love the ease of being able to tell Alexa what music to play. While I mostly used Alexa for playing music, my whole family enjoys asking her questions. Additionally, the shopping list feature is useful. I look forward to learning about the many ways we can integrate Alexa's skills into our everyday lives.
I use my Amazon fire tablet to allocate kids to watch TV through my TWC app, as well as to download and stream music. If you are a heavy Amazon user this app is perfect for you. Holds charge for a decent amount of time as well.
This tablet is OK, sometimes it's kind of slow. Loads for a while before opening app. Storage has been good. 32 GB. I gave my son the freedom to download any game he wanted on prime time. And after 2 months he still has like 3gb left of space. Not recommend for kids over 10 years old. My son is 4 and sometimes he gets mad because tablet gets slow. Still good deal for 32gb, 1 year primetime for $80
Everything and more that I imagined!! LOVE LOVE LOVE my echo
This is a great little android box. Already had one but when I found out it was on sale I bought another. Just sideload kodi onto it and it has everything you need. Wired connection to the internet is a must for streaming HD content.
Great product! Lots of channels from everywhere. Easy set up
You cannot top the value at this price point with any other tablet. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is the limited app selection through the amazon app store. If this came with the google play store, I would give it a 5 in a heartbeat. Overall it is a great tablet at this price point. I would highly recommend it.
Brought this from QVC due to value payments & i love it! I use it to listen to the radio, yes you can listen to radio stations local & from all over the country by using one of the free apps. I get my weather, movie times, tell's me where a zip code or area code is, turns my lights on & off. I can order things from Amazon, check my Capitol One credit card balance & even pay on it etc. What more can a lazy person ask for?
It's a good tab for the kids, keeps them busy. Wish the speed was faster.
great tablet for a beginner .easy to use,fast.perfect for kids
This is a great tablet for the price. The screen is pixelated but it's responsive and the touch screen works fine. Would buy again
the kids love it they learn something every day i'm happy i bought it
The Amazon Fire is an okay product with a decent OS and a great price. Reccommend it for kids or the elderly.
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
Is easy to use, great to look up words you dont know as you go along.Its also great that the light isnt shone up into your eyes, it makes it so that they dont get easily tired and they dont hurt.
I really love my kindle its easy to handle to. I have 3.
Best investment ever. No more cable. Glad I decided to get this.
Love my kindle. It work so good i take it everywhere i go
My wife loves the kindle paperwhite to read on. She has not put it down sense we bought it. Battery life is great.
Was looking the a base tablet for reading and videos on the go. This more than what I was expecting at this price point.
Super happy with my purchase. Neice snd nephew were fighting over it and they both chose it over their iPads!!! Who would have thought!!
So much fun but still have a lot to learn about Alexa. A friend of mine loved it so much she also bought one .
I bought this for one reason, and thats Kodi, its an awesome device for that, and with the sd card reader its easy to install and get up and running, highly recommended
It's small enough to fit in my purse with ease. The back lighting works well in darker areas and i just love using it.
Asked her to play a Neil Diamond song and she played for an hour?
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GRANDSON TO GIVE HIM SOMETHING TO DO WHEN HE VISITS COUSINS WHO HAVE TABLETS. ITS NOT A TABLET BUT HE HAS NO COMPLAINTS
Easy to use and great parental controls to limit or access content.
Very easy to use. Great for putting music on to use with wireless speaker
We got each boy one and they love it. Easy for all ages :)
Gave this as a gift to my future son-in law and he loved it and using it on a regular basis. Easy to use and a lot of fun!
Love the ease to download apps and music. The size is perfect and it lights up pretty well
I bought it almost a month ago and I've no complaints so far with it. It's a nice little ereader that does its job.
Brought this Tablet for a child and she loves it very much
Fast working tablet but very limited on apps. I like it but it was not really for me. Only apps available were from the Amazon app store so many apps that I hoped to use were unavailable. So it is good for limited use.
We really find Alexa very intuitive and works with ease. Would recommend to others.
I bought this Kndle for my daughter who is vision impaired. I was able to increase the size of the print enough that she could read without a magnifying glass. She hadn't been able to read a book for many years so she was thrilled. It's also great that she is able to read with no glare on the screen if she is outside. Great product!
I like it, it works great I have not had any problems with it.
I have not used it much. I need to buy a wi-fi smart hub to make it work with my thermostat and other stuff.
The tablet is very durable, and it also contains sufficient applications. Good quality.
This tablet is okay however the screen is too small and the WiFi does not work well. The WiFi turns off and I have to manually reset it over and over. The camera is nice however the resolution is not sharp enough for my needs. Does not make sense why there is not a version without cameras with a bigger screen size.
Reasonable for its price. My grandson enjoys using it and has it going all day.
Bought tablet for my five year old nephew. Is affordable and has good specs. Easy to use. Camera and video are good. My nephew has no problem using it
This tablet replaces a tablet I've had for several years and I am very pleased with its flexibility and size. I'll expand it with apps as yet unknown. I expect it to fit in with my home network.
Bought for my youngest and he loves it.. very easy to work and fast downloading. Great investment until he wants the real thing..
My wife loves her new Kindle Fire. Great add for the front a rear facing camera as well as the basic features. Another add for this devise is the added storage option.
Do most of my reading on one of my Kindles. Reading in sun light to no light is great. Easier to take anywhere size wise compared to a paperback. Really great for traveling. Download several books so I have a variety to read from. Long charge life.
purchased for my child to read - works as expected and for the price it was a good option
It's a good product depending on your internet service!
Awesome! Love it! It was delivered very fast. Would recommend
Alexa is my new best friend. I was able to set up the Amazon Echo rather quickly. It was harder to unpack the device than to set it up. I love to listen to the music and play jeopardy. I can even ask Alexa to turn on my lights, you need a smart plug to do this it is an added cost but worth it.
I don't want to get too negative on this, because it does what it's supposed to. However, I'm not sure how Amazon justifies charging 40! Half that and I'd feel a lot less disappointed. It's nothing like the last generation cover, which was hefty and substantial. That thing could take a beating! This one Umm...not so much.PROS:- I really like the solution Amazon came up with to lock the Kindle in place sort of a rubberized cup that grips it on all four sides and holds it VERY securely. No more metal-prong slide-release gizmo.- It looks quite nice and is genuine (if untextured) leather like the last one.CONS:- Flimsy. The leather is extremely thin and unpadded. Won't stand up to much abuse. scrape it even lightly on a rough surface and you'll likely ruin it.- The actual cover that folds over the front is incredibly floppy and delicate -- it's about the thickness of a piece of notepad cardboard. I could bend it in half with almost no effort, if I had the notion.- Cover has no lock/closure mechanism (like the elastic strap on the last gen model). It should have SOMETHING.Oh, well. It is what it is. I never read with the Kindle in the case anyway so it's not such a big deal to me, but I was expecting more. Especially for this price!
The Echo is one our most used devices at home. The voice recognition, while not perfect, is one of the best I've tried (especially when it can hear our voices from afar). What I really enjoy about the Echo is the simple uses, such as quickly setting a timer for cooking purposes or setting an alarm for when playtime is over for the kids. The audio quality is also very decent - we live in an apartment so the size is perfect.Overall, one of Amazon's best devices - if not the best - and one of the most useful you'll have in your home.
Great stuff for reading. I have been taking it everywhere with me. Reading is never more simple!
Great product. I have a lot to learn about echo. The echo keeps learning as you talk to you.
The echo is very cool. The voice commands take a little practice but the options are fantastic. Totally recommend.
I love having this item in the house. It makes life easier when walking into a room with a hands full of a laundry basket or groceries, etc
We love our Amazon Fire TV! We get all our favorite shows and movies. It works perfectly!
The fire TV is definitely better than the stick. The stick used to freeze on us, but the TV doesn't seem to have any problems or delays. It works exactly as it is supposed to and helps me find programs for our son when I can't find them in other places!
Very happy with purchase. Great item. I'm able to connect my home for wireless use...there are times I stay out later and I am able to turn the lights on remotely for the dog.
This was a great buy it does everything a laptop or desk top without the big bulk.
I bought this product for my grandchildren. It is very easy for them to use and sturdy enough not to break when they drop it.
This product is a total entertainer from being a bluetooth speaker to like a "Siri" where you can ask all sorts of questions. It's very informative like the weather of the day, traffic info. It can also tell jokes which my kids find hilarious. It's always updating to do more stuff, like the recent news breaks!
So far the best streaming system I have tried. Even better than Appletv.
Great for reading books, surfing social media, lots of apps and games to enjoy!
I purchased this for my husband to play his games on(clash of clans). The BB salesperson assured me he would be able to use it for that. Got it home, turns out you can only use/gets apps from the Amazon store which does not include games like clash of clans. It was already opened and set up so I gave it to my 6 yr old. He plays a few games on it and watches some movies, but would much rather play with the iPad.
Only got four stars because it's got to many preloaded apps I can not hide and I got this tab for my seven year old for Christmas. She loves it though and it works great.
I bought this router because I needed better signal to my second floor of the house. This does the job with no issues. I would recommend this router.
I bought it for my media room it is great!! Faster than the previous version
Once u get her updated and on track she is ok.you download the app and away she goes
I got this to replace my Apple TV and I am not disappointed.
This tablet fulfills my needs at a great price! Love it!
Easy to read. Light in weight. Has many good features.
This tablet is easy to use. It is also durable and the battery lasts a fair amount of time.
This is a great product to buy o be able too watch all kinds of shows An movies An more worth every penny
With my love of turning paper pages in a book and not being a techie, I held off rushing into buying one of the many tablet readers available. I spent quite a bit of time reading reviews and talking to others before making my decision, and I am so glad I did my research. What I like most about the Kindle Paperwhite: the adjustable screen lighting is spot on and easy on my eyes, whether I am reading in dim room light or bright sunshine outside; the ease of syncing it with my computer and wifi; the speed of downloading a book; the ability to adjust the font size; the ability to bookmark and pick up from where I stopped reading; and the size and weight which makes it very portable. I opted for an envelop-style sleeve for storage rather than a cover you might use for an iPad or similar tablet. It's easy to slip the reader out of the sleeve and begin reading. I am thrilled with this device and give it two thumbs up. For me, there is no substitution for the feel of real paper, but this reader comes close.
This is a great Amazon Fire HD8. I love the size. So much better than my first Kindle.
I like the fact that Amazon keeps evolving the device, making it able to do new things. It is great for playing music at home because the sound quality for such a small device is excellent. The shopping list feature is also nice because anyone with the Alexa app and your Amazon account can check to see whats on the list.
Was skeptical about getting rid of cable...love Amazon fire! So many choices and so much cheaper!
I bought it for work and play and it is working out great for both.
Gave as a gift.Did not know you had to "tap" it before you talk. Thought it was like echo.Anyway, they still love it and does not mind pushing the button to talk.Really likes that it is battery powered, portable.
I was really hoping that this would be faster than some other inexspensive tablets I've had. I mainly use it for email though and it does the job.
Alexa is a great product and I would highly recommend this product.
we have multiple fire sticks and fire tv's in our house. They are flexible and customizable, big fan of this device.
Holding up well but purchased a good case. Like the kindle a lot.
Cord cutter here. We had been wanting to dump cable for some time but were scared to leave our comfort zone. Since we are Prime members, we finally decided to give Amazon Fire TV a shot. We've been using Fire TV for two weeks now and we'll never go back to cable!PROS:Ridiculously easy to set up and small form factor which takes up very little space.Simple remote (and a free app so you can turn your cell or tablet into a remote).No buffering issues have yet come up (although that may be because I have a very strong internet connection).Seamless interaction with our Prime Video account and Amazon Music, across all devices. For example, if I download a movie from Prime on my tablet, watch some of it during my commute - when I get home and turn on Fire TV, I can pick up right where I left off from my tablet...seamlessly without having to manually sync.Comes with thousands of channels/apps loaded including all of the the major services we use.Can be used for games (we haven't tried any games yet)The voice command feature is outstanding. Speak the name of a show or movie and be taken instantly to it, with multiple options for buying, renting or just viewing for free if available. I've never been a big voice command user with other devices but this one works so well that using it has already become a habit.Using the Amazon Photos app you can instantly upload all of your digital photos from your phone or tablet to your Fire TV for large screen viewing of your photos.CONS: No way to customize the home screen layout (at least no way that I've been able to figure out).OVERALL: I'm kicking myself for not doing this sooner. Since we use Prime and Amazon Music, its a no-brainer for us to use the Fire TV. Everything syncs automatically and transfers from device to device seamlessly.Edited to add the following section after reading some of the 1 and 2 star reviews:If you are a first-time cord-cutter, considering cord-cutting or new to streaming TV services, here are a few things to keep in mind.1) Make sure you really take the time to do research and due-diligence on cord-cutting. Just google "cord cutting" to get started with several good articles. I'm seeing a lot of 1 and 2 star reviewers who seemed surprised that they actually have to pay for things like Netflix, Hulu, etc. Fire TV (and all of the other streaming services like Roku, Apple TV, etc.) do not just give you free access to all content. They allow you to pick and choose what you want to watch and pay for as opposed to making you pay a big fee for a huge amount of channels you will never watch. If you do it right, you'll have access to the content you want for a substantial savings over what you were paying with cable.2) Make sure you have a strong (and fast) internet connection. This is very important. We dumped our cable company in its entirety (including internet service) and upgraded to a faster dedicated line internet service with another company. We have up to six devices simultaneously streaming at any given time in our house and our internet service can handle all of that as well as the streaming Fire TV. So make sure yours can as well. If you're not sure, call your internet service provider, tell them you are planning to switch to streaming television and ask them about your current speeds.3) Some apps require a cable subscription. You can purchase a streaming service like Sling which will bundle several of the channels you likely want but you may find yourself unable to access certain apps. For now password sharing with one of your friends may solve that problem but I suspect its only a matter of time before that loophole gets closed. So do your research and make sure you can access the channels you want.4) Give yourself time to adjust to the new interface. It took some getting used to when I lost my ability to surf the cable channel guide. But the fact is, I'm no longer wasting large chunks of time mindlessly surfing the guide. Rather than surf, I'm turning to specific apps to watch specific programs. Its liberating in a way that I didn't expect. Besides, I can now surf all of the Amazon Prime content by simply using the voice command on the remote.
A really good tablet. The kids love the apps that come with it.
Very happy with the HD Fire 16GB. Plenty of memory and easy to navigate. I would definitely recommend this item.
Love this gal. We play games, listen to music, set mood lighting, etc. and she always listens to me! Best Buy had best price. Tired of being ignored? Buy one now!
I bought the device for my grand babies and they absolutely love it. My son says they pretty much haven't put it down since Christmas and I may need to buy another one so they don't have to share.
For the price is good. But you have a lot of offers from Amazon on your main screen without even asking for it. Does not accept googlecast. The case for the tablet is too expensive. Well for basics it works fine
While I put Sonos throughout my home, I chose Alexa for in my shop. I spend a lot of time with my hands full or dirty, and it's great to play music or interact with Alexa apps and not stop what I am doing.
Works good... Not sure if prime makes getting free books better or not but she gets a lot of em!
Tap is a nice bluetooth/wifi speaker that is portable and can give you information when you ask it questions.Can Sync with your phone via using the Amazon Alexa app.
I bought this tablet for my wife and she loves it!
I like this Device great sound very easy to use I like this device because it doesn't take up much Space and this device operates a lot of things on my own like my thermostat my lights and even unlock my door and set my iSmartAlarm great
Excellent product blows away google. It's the way of the future. Try it out
I'm enjoying the longer battery life, faster processing and most of all the ability to expand the memory. Highly Recommended!
It is easy to navigate but I find that the storage is a bit limited. I bought a sd card to upgrade the storage but it just seems to confuse me. I am still learning but I got it for my grandson specifically and he wouldn't use it so now I have a new one that I can take with me anywhere and not get bored.
See above review summary Bought for my Grandkids and they love watching TV on it learning how to use. You should see their faces when the TV came on with Mickey on it.
is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
This device is great for the price! I use it for my daughter and after having seeing the ads on amazon, I thought this would perfect for her.
Amazon Fire TV is the perfect streaming box if you are getting rid of cable. Plenty of apps, good quality video and easy to use.
I love the Echo. It's super user friendly and the sound is great for the size.
I so love my Amazon fire tabletYou have.everything you want books, games etc. The picture are so clear and beautiful. I can't keep my son off of it . I'm thinking about getting another for him .He love watching videos of his favorite show
Great Kindle fire, works great for reading, playing games, etc. Highly recommend to everyone.
The Video quality on this is lacking compared to other streaming devices. In the plus side you can use kodi. I would get a roku if you don't plan on using kodI or a nividi shield if you plan on using kodi.
This was my first e-reader and I was blown away. Great battery life, great screen. It's definitely worth it if you like reading.
This was a gift for one of my granddaughters. She just loves this Kindle. This is the second one I've bought for her. This is a bigger and newer generation with lots more options.
Amazon fire is perfect for kids and other teens. Its not that expensive compared to ipad while the quality of product is pretty good.
Just love this tablet.does everything teenage grandson needs it to do! I also buy one for my granddaughter!
Nice tablet... the only downsize I see is you don't have the play store... so apps are limited
bought the original when it first came -- never a problem original battery - thought it was time to upgrade -
For the price, this tablet is great! Does what is needed and its sleek.
Got this for my "non-techy" husband and he now uses it daily. Easy to learn to use. Harder to figure out how to print.
Love the Amazon Echo, a great addition to the family
Works great keeps a pretty good charge. My sign up for prime to get more bang for my buck but over all solid tablet
Enjoying this product. Easy to set up and the speakers are great. So nice to have a device that respond so well. Love the music, news, weather updates, and jokes.
Although I've always wished I read more, I never would find the time to get to it. Having the Kindle made it so practical to own and read books, especially at night time, now that I don't have to keep the lights on and bother my partner.A must-have for anyone, those who read regularly and those who are interested in reading more.
This is my third Kindle - they just keep getting better.
I was looking for a tablet that I could carry in my purse. This Kindle Fire is perfect. I pair it with my hotspot and I'm online in a jiffy. Saves my phone data. I love it.
This is a product that provides a great value. It serves its purpose for the price I paid for it and seems to work well.
Love this kindle as its light, user friendly and great purchase
This version of the Kindle really does a great job as you read for extended periods. The screen allows you to read in different light levels, including outdoors, but more importantly, if you're in the kitchen and then move into the family room, the screen seems to adjust and really makes it a pleasure to use this new version vs. my older version.
It was so easy to setup and to use, I would buy this for a gift
Bought this for my 8 year old in place of a Nabi that didn't work out of the package. Great basic tablet for this.
Works great and does everything you want from a personal assistant.I would defintly recomend this product to someone who wishes to have a personal assitant.
So many apps to look at hard to put down when everythig can be reached at your figertips
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
We loved it so much at home that we have bought 3 miore!
My favorite feature is that it will play almost any music you ask it to and it answers almost anything you ask it.
So easy to set up and use. Downloading books from the library has never been easier. Had an older Nook before this and the weight is similar. Liked the Nook button on the back to turn it off better than this one located on the bottom edge.
works as expected. great Christmas present for the kids.
Gave as gift works good so far, others have one and have enjoyed
Cool tablet kids love it affordable nice gb size awesome
We bought 4 of these, 2 for family and the others for our 6year old and out almost 2 year old. Overall a good tablet for kids, they don't quite understand the set- up of it. Because theirs so many un- needed, pre- installed apps. But they're getting the hang of it.
Good device.. Easy to set up. You could stream anything u want basically
I love my Kindle. It's fast and very convenient to carry around.
I found that I was immediately sked by a staff member if I needed help. I received good advice and shown similar alternative products. What I bought was perfect for what I wanted. The price was quite reasonable.
Serves the purpose well specially if one has an older non-smart tv. However there is always additional expenses because most of the features you have to subscribe to and pay for
I like everything about the Voyage reader. It has a crisp display, is small and lightweight. I give it four stars instead of five because the screen light takes sometimes a while to adjust. The battery life is amazing. Prize could be a little less.
The best way to read a lot of e-books from any kind to a great price!!
Great product for the price. Whether it be for reading, playing games or surfing the web. Easy to use, good for all ages.
I bought a tablet few months ago is very good quality I like it a lot for watching youtube videos and i bought 2 more tablets for a gift
Great tablet for reading and game play. Color is great.
When they first announced the Kindle Oasis, I did not have much of a desire to upgrade from my 1st generation Kindle Paperwhite. Just as I felt when they announced the Voyage.I read a lot, so my Kindle travels with me throughout the day most of the time. I have never had an issue with battery life, I have only had it get really low a few times (typically when I was traveling). So again, I originally did not see a lot of the value to the Oasis.As the reviews for the Oasis came out, I started to realize what I did not like about my Paperwhite, and I began to have an interest in upgrading my Paperwhite to the either the Oasis or possibly the Voyage. The main thing I noticed is that I took my Paperwhite out of the Amazon case quite a lot, especially when I was in a seated position. This slight reduction in weight made it much more comfortable to hold for longer reading sessions. I had some other minor issues with my Paperwhite, like when reading in the dark, I couldn't find an adjustment for the light that I preferred (5 was a little too dim and 6 was a brighter than I needed). I decided to pass on the Voyage because I really did not like the case options and the pressure sensitive page turn option.Now that I have the Oasis, I definitely think it was worth it for me. I really appreciate the reduced weight when the cover is off (not to mention the ease of removing the cover compared to the Paperwhite). It provides the same reading experience, although I did get a resolution upgrade compared to my older Paperwhite, which is a plus.The Oasis is really comfortable in my hand, which helps me forget that it is there. When I was holding my Paperwhite with my left hand, at times I would accidentally go back a page, which drove me crazy even though its just a minor inconvenience.I have the black model because it was the only option available unless I was willing to wait a few more months. The build quality of the Oasis and its case is very nice, just like with the Paperwhite and the amazon leather case for it. The only concern I have is how well it will protect the Kindle. I will update the review if I find this to be a problem.I loved my Paperwhite, and I will recommend it to anyone looking to upgrade from an older Kindle or buying one for the first time. It definitely is great and the better buy, but I am glad I decided to order the Oasis. The reduced weight, ergonomic design, and page turn buttons make it worth the added cost.
It is a good product. Didn't want glare when I read. It serves the purpose
The list of shows/movies you can watch with this thing is endless. This is a very powerful unit for under a $100. They have a huge selection of app's and games. And you can use your iphone as a remote. I enjoy this unit so much I have one on every tv in my house and they make great gifts.
Having the echo is great, especially for playing music, searching web. Love it!!!!
This product is a basic tablet that gets the job done. I wasn't looking for an established brand name tablet. Just something basic for a few apps I use and surfing the web and this tablet was well within my budget.
I love the Echo. Despite the fact it makes me lazy :). It's a great home tool .
The Amazon echo does everything it says it does and it seamlessly connected to my home automation appliances and lights.
great size, easy to carry to take everywhere , good battery life
Device does not stay connected to wifi, always disconnecting. This makes product unusable for alarms and timers. When used to work with harmony, at times, does not turn on all devices. Over priced and overrated. Purchased Google Home, for the past week, it has not lost contact with wifi, and works perfectly with harmony hub. Difficult setup with echo, even with 5-6 times with echo support, they can't figure it out. Wish I could return, not too late.
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
Already had one and I love it so I purchased another one.
I had originally decided to get a kindle instead of an iPad due to the cost. It's a great screen and has good sound, but the battery is pure junk! I should have went with an iPad.
Amazon makes such a good eReader that no other company even tries to make one. There are very few products in the world where that is true. The Paperwhite is worth the extra money for the lighting.
I enjoy my kindle fire had it is easy to use get it
This Tablet anonymous me so much simple apps like You Tube are a hassle to get and unless you know about .apk you are lost. Great for readers and simple web surfing. I do like the free games from underground. My unit arrived damage. Amazon replacing let's see how that goes.
Good product for child. Who only need to read the books
Overall good, not great. I get tired of having to push the button to talk to her and she can't find a lot of the music I liked. Am getting some Dots to see how they will work. For price point it works.
Awesome for kids. Great for parents (peace and quiet) lol
This is a great tablet for my gra ds kids Christmas presents
This is a great product! The voice controls are great and works no matter how loud the music is playing. It's almost as if everything on the internet is at your finger tips, ready to be accessed!
Great tablet works good surfing the Web. And for my small child to listen to story books. He can see the screen very well. Since he has visual difficulty
I just love this tap!! It is so much fun. The music is so great. I play the relation music every night,every night. Best thing ever!
nice addtion too my television it is so easy to use,
Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging
This is perfect for those that just want to read books anytime, anywhere! Great battery life.
Provides information, services, and also amusement.
A great tablet for our two youngest kids, at a great price!
This is a very great product, I love all the movies
I take this on all my trips. I have access to,tons of books. I can carry it in my purse and read wherever I am.
This little set top box packs a big punch, it is an absolute must for any media center. The processor is very fast compared to its counter part the Fire TV stick, no buffering issues and an expandable memory slot. You can also use wireless keyboards and a mouse to alleviate those remote clicks when searching for something. The voice activated remote is a beauty just say anything you want to it and it will look it up for you within the Amazon apps. This is a great add on to any entertainment center setup.
This is going to be great fun and practical also. I chose this over the Dot (a smaller version) because I wanted the best audio.
I love my Amazon Fire HD 8. It's not too small and not too big. I was looking at other tablets, and decided on the Amazon Fire HD 8 because of the price, and because I have Amazon Prime, I purchased it online at Best Buy, and then picked it up at the store on Black Friday. It is my first tablet, and so I wanted to start with one that I can have fun with, and I am. I do have a laptop for important things.
My nephew broke his tablet and I thought this one was going to be perfect for him, since he's young he doesn't need a expensive one. It was on sale for Black Friday so I took the advantage and got it on time before Christmas
This suited my exact needs which was a mobile way of watching netflix.
We love our Amazon echo!! Very easy to setup and use. It's fun to ask Alexa anything. She never disappoints.
This met my expectations and more. My granddaughter loves it. It's user friendly and has unlimited options for her. Would recommend to everyone!
Need an alternative or supplement to Cable TV? This is it. There are many entertainment options with the FireTV. I can not sing its praises enough.
One of the best purchases i have ever made. It works seamlessly
Wow - bought this on Black Friday. The quality of construction is fantastic. The display is really good. I bought an RCA Tablet at Walmart in 2014- this absolutely blows it away. Display is good. Apps are good. Maybe a little slow ( not laptop fast) but over all speed is satisfactory. Definitely recommend. I'd buy at full price and still be impressed.
I really enjoy my kindle easy to download books and easy to read on the beach
Upgraded my FireStickTV to the Fire TV box. Much happier with the direct connect versus Wi-Fi.
It was great and great for the kids and adults thanks
This is very durable for a young child. It is very easy to use even for my 2 yo granddaughter.
I like the low light mode the extra memory and a great price compared to the others
This is my first Paperwhite and I love it. I've had a kindle keyboard (loved it), kindle fire (was okay), kindle fire HD (good for a tablet) but i just love a good ol' eReader for reading. Nothing else will do and this Paperwhite is perfect to read in dark and bright situations. PLUS....The battery last FOREVER!!
Compact. Easy to hold Great for playing games. Easy to use keyboard
It's ok best for kids I think or if you in to reading books
We have Google home and the Echo. We like Google Home better.
Very good of a steal almost 50% off, not the best tablet but good for the price
Like many others, I decided to cut cable and move to more online based video services. The Amazon Fire TV has easily become a centerpoint of our living room. We stream all of our favorite apps off this device (Amazon Video, Hulu, Netflix, NBC Live Extra, Playstation Vue, WATCH ESPN, and many more!).Pros: The Amazon Fire TV is portable and much more powerful than its little brother, the Fire TV Stick. The Fire TV has double the cores, double the RAM and has a slot for memory expansion when compared to the Fire Stick. Of course that all comes at a price, but its worth it. The Fire TV does not buffer nearly as often as my Fire Stick or Chromecast. This device is a 4K streaming device, but you'll need to find 4K content to take advantage of it.Cons: The experience from the get-go is VERY Amazon centric, with the platform optimized for searching and viewing Amazon video titles. I havent found the Voice Control to be of much use, as it is only really helpful for searching Amazon video.
Worth the purchase, makes watching shows easy plug and play
We are loving this for our son! Fast and comes with all apps he loves!
My Grandchildren Love Their Tablets! They really really enjoy watching movies & playing games on their tablets.
As a video streaming device, the Fire TV is great, especially if you're a Prime member. It's more powerful than most media boxes on that market especially if you're into gaming, which is where that extra juice shines.In fact, tons of Android games play great on it. You don't even need the optional controller for most of them. And there's something to be said for playing Candy Crush on the big screen. But for more serious games like Grand Theft Auto, Tales from Borderlands, Modern Combat, or Knights of the Old Republic?Really well. You might want to invest in a controller for some of them (though not all game support the controller natively so do your research!) they run very smooth, and without any noticeable frame-rate drops. Though, most Android games don't really push the hardware anyway, so this should come as no surprise. But at the very least, this does mean you'll be able to play top-of-the-line Android games for several years with no problem. Some apps have their own versions specifically for the Fire TV, so you'll want to make sure to get those ones if available.You also may be wondering what the difference is between the 2015 model, and the previous 2014 launch model. Well...not much. The newer box is capable of a 4K output whereas the older version only went up to 1080p. But since most people don't even own 4K TVs, this feature probably won't be too useful. That said, it is nice future-proofing, as 4K TVs become more and more standard, the Fire TV will be ready. There are smaller changes here and there, but I'm not familiar enough with the older model to say what is what.Anyway, if you're looking for a streaming box that in addition to offering the usual Netflix, YouTube, Hulu and (of course) Amazon, also lets you play Android games (and play them well).It's worth noting that you can't access the Google Play store without rooting the system to install it first. Though, even then only a limited selection of Google Play apps is even compatible with the Fire TV (as of now) so it might not be worth the trouble, especially when Amazon usually offers comparable, if not the same exact apps anyhow. But it's worth pointing out all the same.
The kindle paperwhite is absolutely a perfection. It is perfect for just picking up a book and instantly starting where you left off. The lighting is so realistic it feels like you're just reading real paper. Definitely a bargain.
Santa dropped this off for our 4th grader along with expanded memory. he uses it for Netflix and Youtube as well as Minecraft and other Apps. Why spend hundreds on something for basic kids needs? I'm sure this will last him a few years and is well worth the price.
This by far is one of the greatest tablets out there for kids. Cost is affordable and there is a lot for them to do. Keeps my 8 year old busy in drs offices. Lightweight and easy to use.
The best add on to your tv ever!! Shopping streaming all together
We bought these for my wife's room since she's a teacher. She needed tablets that were not too expensive, but would still work and not be frustrating. The only thing we couldn't get to work was the time limiter on them. Overall, great purchase for her class room.
Great size for children and travel! The kids proof case is a must!
You can't go wrong when you get an amazon product. I got this particular tablet for my 3 year old daughter and she simply loves it. She navigates on it alone with ease.
So much faster then my Apple TV! I love it! Netflix loads instantly and very clear!
It's good to have this box if you like to watch tv series and programs other than spanish channels.
Echo is a great price of tech for the household. From playing music, controlling outdoor lights to answering numerous questions the kids have. So much Echo can do and they keep adding "skills" which are apps for it. No Brainer!!
I bought this for my 5 year old grandson who lives in another state. He loves it and plays with it all the time. My son tells me the games on it are mostly educational and really seem to be helpful. Excellent little device to this time.
The Paperwhite is very convenient. Great battery life. I still love books, but with the Paperwhite, I can have multiple books going at once, depending on what I feel like reading at the time. Overall a great product.
Good Device and easy to use it has Amazon - Fire system which make easy use for Amazon account.
Great product and warranty is good. Excellent purchase.
My 7 year old loves his new kindle. As soon as he opened it and we got it updated he was off and running with it. He played on it all day, until he had to put it on the charger.
I so enjoy Alexa. My favorite radio station is just a request away, as is most information. Great conversation piece!
Great product works and sounds awesome would not recommend Dot too small speaker sucks
I got this to go along with the Vizio P65-C1 I bought. The Vizio is a great display, but with no internal tuner. It must be connected to cable or a streaming/casting source for programing, The Fire TV makes it easy to connect to Netflix and Hulu, among many other program sources. But, it's especially great if you're a Prime member, giving you access to Prime Video, both free and purchased. The only think I'd change is if it could receive HDR programs/movies. Amazon Video does have HDR programming available for a growing amount of its content, but this version of Fire TV does not. If you don't have a UHD TV, Fire TV is about perfect.
I liked the price and am very pleased with the apps that are available. My children semm to be very happy with the tablet and it is very user friendly.
I have owned a Kindle since the second generation came out, but this device is by far the best bang for the money. Less expensive than the Voyage, the new Paperwhite looks crisper than the previous generation, feels good in my hands, and allows me to read in the dark comfortably without bothering those around me. Highly recommended!
I love my Fire TV! I'm both an Amazon Prime and Netflix customer and this works very well for me! I haven't had mine very long but I use them everyday ( I have 2 of them) so I am learning to navigate through them very well. I also use the Amazon Music quite a lot! Great product!
7 year old boy broke it in less than 2 months even with the bumper guard on. Won't power up. When it WAS working, very limited on storage. Ran out of space in 1 hour, so the wifi wouldn't work. Had go in and explain to him he couldn't download more than a hand full of apps at a time. Doesn't matter now since it won't even turn on or charge.
Had about 6 months very slow Started out good but has been getting slower . Cleared everything still not good
Purchased for my mother for Christmas. She hasn't put it down since.
I love this. I can load all my apps and watch pretty much everything I ever used to watch on cable. The only thing is I wish I could get the Hallmark channel...but other than that I'm very happy for the price.
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
I owned a Fire Stick previously, but when I bought a 4K TV, I wanted a media streamer that could playback 4K content. I tried the Roku but ultimately returned it for the Fire TV because it allows CEC (Consumer Electronics Control) over HDMI, which the Roku did not. For those who don't know, CEC (found in most new TV sets) allows your remote that comes with the TV to control other devices connected through an HDMI cable. Now I only need one remote for everything and didn't have to go out and purchase an expensive universal remote. The Fire TV was exactly what I needed for my 4K setup and now I use my Fire Stick for travel. Great product and great service from Best Buy.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas, it's easy to use and light weight. I'm still using a first gen Kindle Fire and after playing with his I wish I bought one for myself too! It has many features an Android phone would have.
I purchased this Fire tablet for my wife because her other tablet had ceased to function. It is a good tablet for what she needs it for and she likes the ease of use. I would certainly recommend this tablet!
For the money, this is one of the nicest Kindle Readers I have seen. This is so powerful, I can do a lot more than read books.
This is a great low end tablet and it is sold at an amazing price.
Bought as Christmas gift. He loves it. Small, light, fast, great selection of apps. Plus you can't go wrong with the warranty.
Love Kindle! Thanks for creating this gem! Granddaughter loves it
Love this. Capabilities never end. The whole family enjoys this.
For the price you really can't beat this tablet. The picture looks good, amazon has a great game, movie and music catalog. So if your looks big for something just to view movies on, play games or surf the web get this one because for the price it can't be beat!
I bought one once before for my mother and this product is amazing. I recently bought another to replace my girlfriend's Nook. Is amazing how good this e-readers performs, the battery life and versatility.
This tablet was purchased for a gift given to a friend with no prior experience using a tablet. The tutorial given in the beginning made it simple to understand.
I bought one of these for me and my son. They are great tablets for the price. The resolution is great! Obviously you aren't getting the speed of a $600 or $700 tablet but I was surprised at how quick they were. I will continue to buy every new Amazon Fire tablet that comes out. You can't beat it for the price and you can upgrade every year if they make a new one. You could upgrade every year for more than 10 years for the price of one ipad.
Wife loves it, it is neat how it works and the info is endless, music options are whatever you can think of !
This tablet is a perfect size and very sturdy. Has an expandable memory slot. Perfect for my needs.
I needed to upgrade from the orginal Kindle fire and this Fire works great. Videos,games, email and battery life all are great.
Easy to instal, easy setup, simple clean navigation, love this product
Excellent product for the price. Larger screen , light weight. Easy to download apps
I don't consider myself a "heavy" reader (I read a couple books every few months), but I love my new Kindle. It's lighter than some of my books, which is great, but the best thing is that I can read at night in bed without disturbing my wife.The e-ink display allows you to also read outside in direct sunlight, perfect for the upcoming summer months. It's relaxing to just go out to a local park, sit under a tree, and read your new book.If I had to find a fault with this Kindle, it would be the ads. You're already paying a decent amount for an e-reader, then if you don't want ads on the lock screen, you have to pay Amazon more money. They don't really bother me, so it's not worth taking away a star. They might bug you though, so just keep that in the back of your mind before buying this that you will have to pay Amazon $20 to have them removed.
I got in on the initial deal with DirecTV Now and after the frustration of dealing with the Apple TV I received for free with the service, I tried this box. What a difference. It streams 4K (yes I have a 4K TV) and performs everything fast. It also has all of the services I use. Forget the Apple junk and pick this up!
Excellent Customer Service.I encourage anyone to purchase this tablet it works well parent block is outstanding
I lied the shows it offer. I really like the ease of installation
Bought it for my 8 yr old for Christmas and he loved it. I like that some of the apps that come with it can be deleted making more room for apps you would want to add.
a good product, I would recommend it to others looking for similar products
I like this Kindle the only this is it does not read the books as good as my older Amazon Kindle Fire.
Would prefer hardware buttons and wish you could access public library digital book. Other than that works great in the dark.
Nice size screen, clear and clean picture with plenty of storage
Have had some fun with it but it really is not very smart and sometimes just plain wrong. Did you know that all of Florida is in the Eastern Time Zone? And here I thought I lived it the Central Time Zone. Alexa does get the time right though and can share some good information and does ok with music. You just need to ask the right questions in the form she understands and then she does ok.
Thought this would be perfect for my two children. The case, warranty and pass to download unlimited apps seemed great. However, the pad is sometimes unresponsive and inaccurate-which can be frustrating for children. The case is a little too bulky. And it can be confusing for children who want to push an icon to play but it instead downloads. There is a definite learning curve that they will overcome in time but it could be more user friendly for younger users.
Bought it for my husband as I have an apple ipad. He loves it.
Purchased this Kindle Fire HD8 from Best Buy. My fianc downloaded her first book. She already started reading and said it is really cool to use. She said it is easy to see and navigate.
I was able to catch this thing on sale Black Friday for $70. It could possible be the best $70 I have ever spent. Everyone should own a amazon fire tv!
Requires a bit more learning curve but once it gets use to you it is a lot of fun. Easy set up.
Plays music, news, weather traffic reportsAlso operates your smart devices such as lights, TV, garage door, etc.
Amazon Fire TV is great and works very well. Not disappointed at all.
Great and easy setup. Easy to use for people that don't have much tech experience
I have bought 3 months ago and it is working very good. my kid is enjoying on holidays
Works better than roku plus apps like psvue were developed with more love. Roku also had some strange problem with working on a tv that requires hdmi to dvi
I left my old kindle on an airplane and had to purchase a new one. This one is much easier to use. The controls are more intuitive and loading books from my library in the cloud is so easy now!
Just what you need for an ereader. Front lighting is very natural and doesn't give me a headache like trying to read on backlight screen like my iPad.
i love my Alexa,you can ask this thing anything and it will get you an answer
This was not a necessary product for my family, but we sure are having fun with it. At first I think my 7 year old thought we were talking through a microphone to a real person. He understands now that Alexa is not real, but he sure has fun asking questions and making requests. Overall, Alexa is really good at answering, and my whole family enjoys having her around. Hopefully there's not someone listening to everything that goes on in my house.:)
Good for reading at night. Bought as a gift and it is used daily for reading
The Kindle Paper White is the perfect gift for anyone. My mom had the original Kindle and it recently broke. When I was looking for a new one for her I looked at other Kindles and e-book readers. I wasn't a fan of the Nook and the Kindle Fire is great, but she wanted something simple just to read so she didn't need the internet connection. After playing with the Paper White in the store I decided it was perfect for her. She is not the best with technology, but after I showed her how to use it once she was able to use it on her own. Great gift for anyone!
We had been using the Nabi for our 3 year old, but after the reviews online about the dreamtab we decided on the amazon fire kids tablet. So far so good. Very easy for our son to navigate without worry about getting on unauthorized websites.
I bought this during Black Friday sales the price was very attractive but I didn't find it that attractive as YouTube stream was streaming slow it was taking 10-15 min to stream a single song.
Bought one for myself several months ago, have enjoyed it so much, I got one for my Mom and one for my Dad as a Christmas gift, they are not tech savvy, but found it easy to use, are enjoying them very much
Bought for my mother for book reading. It's bigger than her phone and holds more. She really likes it.
Its Fast, reliable, what else could you ask for! This Bad boy will knock out the competition and get rid of your cable bill for good! Its time to Cut the cord people because Fire TV is the future of entertainment!
Works great as a small tablet for my niece. she watches movies and read books. It's perfect!
This device sounds great and has plenty of volume, enough for outside use. It connects to Amazon Prime music and also to Pandora. I also purchased a battery base so that it is portable.
But you can't beat the price. Normally $50, these were on sale for $30 for Black Friday so I picked up 2 as gifts.
This device is OK for reading or listening to audiobooks via Overdrive app. Wouldn't recommend it though really. Waited to buy Kindle for years. Would suggest doing research before buying this device.
I haven't figured it out yet. So far it seems ok but I haven't used all of its potential yet.
Love this! Always messing around and asking it questions
Love this product! Great for entertaining purposes.
It is affordable and it had Increased storage but no backlight and the screen could be better!
I have one of the very early versions of the Kindle and the Kindle Paper-White is so much more compact. That makes it really great for travel. I also love the self-recharging capability.
This is perfect. I wanted to cut the cord and I used the free 30 day amazon prime trial. I definitely recommend getting playstation vue!!
This device has added to our families ability to be better organized. As well as the great entertainment value it has added to our family. It also has allowed me to explore new music that I wouldn't normally listen to at any given time. Thanks
We love it. Great product We heard about it from family
Bought it for my 10 yr old granddaughter. Does everything she wants it to do in a tablet.
I bought this tablet just to keep on the side. I'm an APPLE user but for $34 bucks, you can't beat that.
Having a great time with Alexia. I gave two of these away as Christmas gifts and got the best gift award from my children.
I love this .. Great extra for my amazon echo .. Does everything it does but it's cordless .. Keeps charge for many days .. Push button to activate .. Wireless speaker also out of wifi .. Really cool !!
This is the ideal tablet for my 8 year old son ##1
Set up for kids right out of the box. Can't beat Amazon's warranty either. Thanks for providing an outstanding product.
I recommend it for kids .great for find games easily.
iPad without the bells and whistles. The parental controls are good, but a bit confusing. Haven't had the time to sit down and sort it out
I was very pleased with this not only is it a great tablet but a great price.
It is simple and easy to use. Easy set up. I have a Firestick and Fire TV and this has a nicer interface.
Bought this for my mother, size is just right. This was a perfect choice for her first tablet. Wish I had bought myself one too.
I had two of these in less than a year, it's definitely good for the price. The problem is that the charger port breaks very often. No matter how gentle toy are, it deteriorates within a couple months.
Highly recommended. Comfortable to hold while reading
I haven't learned all of the tricks and tips. It it sure is nifty so far!
It was for my 3 year old she loves it!! She was able to work it very easily!!
Great tablet for the price easy set up and app and data transferring from the original Fire.
This Kindle is nice and my wife who is an avid reader likes the screen quality but truthfully does not like being "pigeon-holed" by Amazon for every book or story. Having to go through them for nearly everything greatly declines from the ease of use of the various functions. The need to find or put her existing library into Amazon in order to use it on the Kindle is ridiculous and annoying. Once again a another good product being sadly limited due to a monopoly.
Very valueble product, very easy to use, many features, way better than the stick, wont be disappointed.
Great for my mom who isn't tech savvy. Luv it! :-)
I should have bought the Echo when it was released.. I was skeptical as to its value in my home. A friend had a Dot and liked it OK but didnt use it much after awhile. I decided to try it for myself and bought a Dot. I liked it enough to buy a Tap for bedroom.. I was not to impressed with the audio so naturally I purchased the Echo. The Dot is somewhere and I use the Tap and Echo every day. timers, news, music, weather, spell something, etc,
I have a tablet, but needed a reader that I can read in sunny locations and not worry about loosing and expensive item. This Kindle is perfect to carry everywhere, light and convenient the screen is smaller than I anticipated but not bad for the price.
This was a birthday gift for a family member who loves to read books. Couple this with Amazon gift cards and the library is endless!
The Kindle Paperwhite is awesome. It is much easier on your eyes than an iPad or even the Kindle Fire. I read more because it doesn't cause eye strain and I'm not distracted to look at emails or the internet. If you like to read magazines, books and newspapers this is the device to have. There is no better e-reader.
The battery on this device cannot handle true apps outside of the Amazon ecosystem. Youtube and Twitch would drain the battery in under an hour. But if used as intended it would be great for books and email.
I bought this because I did not want to spend hundreds of dollars on a tablet. For $50, I really have no complaints. I am able to install thousands of apps, browse the web, watch movies and so much more for such a reasonable price.
I prefered reading actual books over reading digitally, because the screen made my eyes hurt. However, the kindle paperwhite isn't designed like a regular digital reader, it so different. I could read it for hours and my eyes won't hurt.
the price was right and I wanted it for it's ease, because I will be using it in my door to door ministry. thank you,
Quickly charges kindle so son can use it. Worked great right out of the package
I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code "shimmering" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past.
The fire tv box simply does it all. Very fast and fun to use
I received my new Kinkle Paperwhite! I'm an avid reader at night - sometimes well into the early morning hours. This Kindle is the best - so lightweight and you can adjust the light in the background...best of all, the print adjusts to your choice of size and style and after reading for many hours, it's great to know I can make the type larger. So lightweight you never even realize you are holding it. Love, Love, Love it. Oh, and it is very, very easy to set up.
my 5 years old love her new tablet, at this price it'a steal.
Love that you can take this anywhere and hook up to my Bluetooth. Great sound quality.
perfect christmas gift for my mother in law. easy to use and great for reading anywhere. she loves it
Great charger
Works great. TV how you want it watch movies and tv shows anytime.
I bought the fire Kindle to get good reads from amazon. The tablet is great for other apps such as facebook, Internet search, games, and various apps from amazon like yahoo mail, online banking app,ect. Ideal for readers and those who would like a simple tablet. Would recommend getting case which I purchased when I bought the fire Kindle. Nice graphics and user friendly for the price.
Good for little kids, it runs a little slow though
Bought this as a starter tablet for my mom. Easy to use with great price
The Echo is definitely a must. It has great sound quality, very easy to use and is a lot of fun to have at parties. It is compact and very structurally sturdy. I recommend the Echo to everyone.
Used the fire sticksBut the upgrade in the box from the stick is amazing Would still recommend stick for starter
Bought the Echo to use with my Alarm.com security system as a voice recognition interface. Did not expect to see my friends and family also buy one for other reasons. Great product, price too high!
Great box and fast for steaming and videos good for sports
I love this thing!!! You can do so many things with it. Make lists that add to my phone, set timers, play my music!!
Purchased my Amazon Fire after my Roku was acting up and had complications with PS Vue. Everything runs fast and smooth over my WiFi.
This device is easy to install and great for a beginner!
It was a gift. It was a gift. It was a gift. It was a gift.
Easy to use and easy to load apps. Wish it had a GPS
A little confusing at first but once you get the hang of it it's very satisfying
what i read about it looked like a great gift for my grnaddaughter
100 SATISFIED!
I like this Fire...First time...love the books and apps
I really like this product. It's easier to read when I'm eating because I don't have to hold a book and turn the pages. Basically I have both hands to eat with and only need to tap the screen to turn the page. I will say though the battery seems to drain a lot faster when you are using the wifi and looking up books or just searching the web. That would be the only bad thing about it I would say. Other than that it is an awesome purchase
I like playing the games on it and doing email and music that I can listen too.
I love the new kindle. The backlight is fantastic.
Great tablet for the price to buy for your kids versus buying the more expensive ipad
It was a great gift for daughter in law. She loves it.
I like my Amazon fire-easy to use - user friendly.I liked the size - 8" . It has made my life much easier since having hand surgery! Easy to check my email and other uses!
Awesome...........................................
I will start off with the fact that I like paper books a lot. I bought the e reader because it's light and can travel with multiple books. The interface is fairly easy to use and it holds a lot of books. The automatic light feature doesn't work as nicely as I would. Overall I am happy with the purchase but there are features that could make it a 5.
It's pretty good for the price! I bought mine for my kids to share and use.For this price, you may just want to buy one for each kid since mine tend to fight over it! The charging port on mine seems to not be working well (have to push it up to connect properly), but the kids tend to just rip the power cord out without any care. You may not have the same problem.
I really like my Tap very much. It great when it's connected. Reads me news, weather, plays music and can purchase items from Amazon That being said, I do have some connectivity problems while on wifi. I don't want to say that it's the taps fault as it may be my wifi. I don't regret my purchase. It has great sounds and recognizes my voice commands well.
I loved how helpful the employee was that helped me!
Got this for my hisband who is totally not tech savvy---he has been able to download some games for himself plus navigate a little bit on here---a major step for him.
The echo featuring Alexa works as expected. East to set up.
Purchased this for my mother. She loves it, just the right size to grab and go. Great buy for the money.
It is a must have item if you have limited space at home and you would want a collection of your own. It is light weight compare to the old kindle. The backlight feature of the paperwhite is perfect to read in the dark and able to share books with family members with a library share feature.
My granddaughter loves this tablet. It's the perfect gift for a 2 year old
I liked the sound quality coming out of the Echo. I ended up returning this for an Echo Dot. The Dot is 1/3rd of the price and for my townhouse, I don't need a high powered speaker. Alexa is great to use, no matter what Echo device you have.
It took a moment to figure out how to set it up, but once that was complete, it works amazingly. It is a little smaller than I prefer.
This has much more space than the fire stick. Because of the extra memory space, the spreed and quality is great, to include less buffering.
A good friend of mine got into transforming Fire Sticks and Fire TV two Kodi boxes. He brought over his Fire TV and led us use it and afterwards my wife was convinced that we needed to have one. With Fire TV it makes Kodi stream smoothly and the menus are quick. I love that I can have Netflix, other apps, and other programs installed all on one unit.
The Amazon Fire tablets are nice tablets. They're especially great for streaming tv and movies. And since it's a Kindle it's great for books too. It is a little odd with the Internet browser, and still a little limited in the app store. But overall a great little tablet.
It works good but have not used it that much, would recommend
Tablet itself is good, I mostly use it to read on the go. However, this tablet only works with Amazon approved apps. As long as you don't mind it, this is a good choice. Get it on sale for a better price
I was setting up 2 of the same tablet and this one wouldn't connect to the wifi. When I brought it back for an exchange there were none in store and they didn't even have them on their website! Ended up getting a refund and purchasing the same model from Amazon
I love my amazon fire, would recommend to anyone. It is a good buy.
Bought for my 7 yr old. Quality product at an affordable price. Bought on sale for $69.99.
I bought this for my 11 year old nephew and he uses it a lot.
This tablet is great. Because it's from Amazon, you can easily switch to a different profile and use it when the kids finally put it down. I have 2 1/2 year old twins and it's hard to get them to sit down. With the Kid's Kindle Fire, they are more than happy to settle down on the couch and play. I highly recommend buying one. It is a life saver!
Just gave them as gifts for Christmas. I have bought Kindles in the past and have been happy with them. My only disappointment was when I ordered the Kindles, I paid $49.95 only to have the price go to $35.95 2 days later
Great product for the price! Works great and comes with ample storage.
Pretty cool piece of technology- very smart and fairly easy to use. Definitely recommend as a gift. I haven't fully learned the capabilities yet, but try new things each day. Works really well and she understands everything. Sometimes she talks when you don't say her name, so that can be weird.
Easy to use, easy to handle, and good for her to learn responsibility for her own device!
Great product for quickly charging your Kindle!!!!
Overall good product, does what is advertised, comfortable to use.
It's not as user friendly as advertised, but I guess it works ok
Great for weather, time, trivia and Pandora radio. Alexia probably can do more, but I don't have the time to study how.
Seems to work great for my teenage son. He uses it to watch videos on it
I've had this for 2 months and I'm still learning. This is capable for doing so much. My wife who isn't into electronics loves this. I can't wait until the Echo can control my Sonos speakers.
this is our go to when we are shopping online. It also has a very good functionality when dealing with kids it gives the admin the ability to limit what kids can see.
My 3 yr old son loves his tablet. He takes it almost everywhere and it keeps him entertained.
If your student you're going to love Amazon TV. I'm a Amazon prime member because I buy books from Amazon all the time. With this box you can also have the benefits of streaming movies with your membership.
The auto light adjust has worked great for me and I love the different options for page turning. Also, the smaller size and lighter weight is noticeable. If you are buying your first Kindle, I would recommend this. If you already have the Paperwhite, it's up to you but I've been happy I upgraded.
kids love the tablet & the picture quality is good
cool tablet that you can use daily, just freezes a bit, but the reset button works well.
This was an affordable device that allowed me to play music while at work. It also does quite a bit more, but this was my use of the product. It was less expensive than the iPod.
Bought for kids to play games on, good for what they need it.
Works good for a cheap tablet to have around work and not worry about. Freezes occasionally but not a big deal for the cost.
Works and recognized a lot of commands but doesn't work when the music is high.
It's great the size is perfect to fit into almost any small purse And weight nothing
I own all three of the latest Fire TV, Roku and Apple TV. Out of the three, as a pure streamer, I'd say Roku is probably my favorite followed by Apple TV and then Fire TV. However, as a multi-purpose device, the Fire TV wins hands down and it's not even close. The Fire TV allows you the most customization, freedom and versatility, such as the ability to side-load apps. Both Roku sand Apple TV are locked tight in that regard. Fire TV also features a more baked in Prime experience. The Fire TV can be a little slow sometimes and can freeze occasionally (more so depending on what you install), but overall, not a bad box for the price.
I enjoy Echo as it does so many things. Plays music, provides news, weather reports and so many other skills. I can even check the status of my Amazon orders.
light , love the backlight., able to change font size.
This purchase replaced another Kindle Paperwhite that broke when dropped. Paperwhite is a great reader.
Bought for grandson ,he loves it's! He uses it daily after home work done.
I got this as an upgrade for my old kindle & I love the new features! Crisp clear picture, easy to find app locations & tabs. Well organized. They added "blue shade" to adjust the color of the screen when reading at night because exposure to blue light is supposed to impede sleep. When reading it learns your pace & gives you an estimate on when you will finish the book which I think is neat. Can watch Netflix/Hulu. All around great product in my opinion.
Liked this Kindle upgrade. The color screen and backlights allowed for easy night use
I purchased two of these for my grandchildren 8 years and 2 years. The 8 yr. old wanted an IPod touch replacement to watch videos and play a few games and Skype with me for $35 vs. $300 I am very pleased. The 2 yr old watches Little Einsteins and this works great for her
We wanted an additional easily portable tablet for our family. The omnipresent advertising is annoying but also easy to just ignore. For 50 bucks, this is a great way to have an additional e-reader/browser/streaming and gaming device.
I am so very i got this for my 3 year old grandson. He can navigate it to get to his favorite shows, Peppa pig, Mickey clubhouse and Thomas the train. He is so happy with his tablet.
I purchased this device to stream movies to a room that had minimal apps. The I tried to activate Netflix, I kept getting an error on log-in. Then after contacting Amazon Tech help & researching found out that Amazon & Netflix parted ways and do not support each other. So, I returned the device and purchased the Roku4 instead to great satisfaction.
This item is great and fun to play with. I bought it for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. Will probably purchase one for myself. I think it's nice to tell it to cut off the lights and turn down the music your playing without having to get up and cutit off. I love it when my son yells from his room and Ithe an hear him and does what it is told.
I got these for my kids Christmas present and there perfect for them. They download their games on to them and play during road trips and also download learning apps from school so they can stay ahead.
Such a great tablet! Got my mother it for Christmas and she loves it!
My Kids are 5 and 9 and love their kindles! I would recommend.
I had been looking into getting an Amazon device, and I was torn between the Echo and the Dot. I ended up getting the Echo and it has not disappointed! The sound from it is a very nice quality and I love asking Alexa to turn on the lights (you have to purchase other things to do this), play music, what the weather is like, etc. Overall a great purchase!
I gave this to my daughter for Christmas because she wanted a portable speaker. I thought the addition of Alexa would be fun. She loves it. She said the sound is really great.
The fire tv works well with ethernet. Not so much with wifi
I dearly love my Alexa, She is able to give me the latest weather update. along with other very useful commands. Plus she can make me laugh on a regular basis.
I like this Kindle, but I am not sure it is worth the premium over the Paperwhite. I previously had a Kindle Fire, which was fine, but this is definitely nicer for reading. But it all depends on what you need it for, and how often you will use it.
This newer kindle reader is great. It's lightweight, easy to hold and the battery last long. I will definitely recommend it to friends. The white color is especially classy looking.
The Amazon Fire HD8 tablet is a high quality, inexpensive piece of technology that works great for anyone looking to purchase one that won't break the bank.
Alexa is amazing. Music is easy to get, either from Amazon or Pandora. Alexa easily understands commands. Wish others in my family responded as well as she does.
The product is very light, making it easy to read.
unbelievable product gets you to really live the future
I needed something that's not an ipad for basic app use and it works great, minimal glare even with a screen protector (again, it's not iPad, but it's good for a tablet)
The paperwhite allows you to read in any light, from the beach to a quiet night at home.
This is like having a fire stove with a screen its the best and at a great price
I would highly recommend this product!! I wish that I had purchased this item a long time ago!
I bought my son a kindle about 6 months ago and it was great.... Until my husband dropped it and broke the screen. So I bought my son another one last week, but I think it might be defective becuz the battery died not fully charge or it takes a super long time to charge, where this did not happen with my last one
Nice size screen easy and light weight to take to class
I own a FIRE HD tablet. It is a good handy device to have. Simple to operate and works great for what I need. I bought this as a gift to my nephew for Christmas - and he is enjoying it too. Great device for a very affordable price.
Mom and Dad already have Kindles. It was time for the 9-year-old to have one of her own. This was perfect: Great size and an even greater price!
Works great! A must for every home. Bought as a Christmas gift and now getting one for ourselves.
Got this for my 4 year old daughter, she enjoys playing games and reading books. A faster processor would me it better.
Nice and entertaining device. Does answer lot of things. Music is awesome. Totally satisfied!!
Thought this came without special offers, the staff told me it didn't. Amazon had a sale on this when I bought it, and I thought I was just getting the same deal, but I had to pay $20 later to get rid of the ads
THE FIRE TV WAS SO THAT I DON'T HAVE TO USE CABLE OR SATELLITE AND IT"S WORKING.
I purchased this for my 82 year old mom as a Christmas present. I was extremely easy to set up for her. She is enjoying it a lot as well as I am whenever I visit her
Just wish it would learn faster. Seems like the Google home has better knowledge with Internet info.
Best tablet ever, not just an ereader. I've had several tablets and this one is my fav.
Fantastic display and easy to use, putting the device in rest most leaves an ad on screen which I don't care for. Nice long battery life
Got this as a gift for friend of mine they have been very happy with this can't believe how light it is and how well you can read the text. If you're up for him and don't want to be caring around an iPad or have battery life on the product while you're on location this is a must take with you product.
Purchased as a secondary tablet to my iPad so that I could have an inexpensive one to use that I didn't have to worry about ... Easy to set up & has great speed.. Like that it has expandable memory!
Love that you can ask anything and she responds right! Great product! Buying another one as we speak!
I'm quite the gadget geek and this feeds that addiction! Have it controlling a bunch of lights and my TV. Next is a thermostat!
THIS TABLET IS GREAT FOR THE PRICE. ABLE TO PLAY GAMES WATCH VIDEOS AND USE THE INTERNET. ITS GREAT FOR KIDS AS WELL
Won't load or be compatible with some games sold by Amazon.
Saved money on cable. Can watch a lot of current movies.
Nice reader and my eyes feel better. I also can read at night.
This is my grandson's 2nd kindle fire! Great product and great price!
Grandkids fight over this. My daughter also uses this. Very good and user friendly. Would buy again.
I love it! Loaded lots of things for my self and kids. The price was also great !! Even my kinds can use it easily . I have recommended it to many of my friends and family . Enjoying it to the fullest . I use over wifi and with my internet as well
I love my Kindle paperwhite. The backlit screen is great for reading at night, it has a long battery life and I love being able to use it in full sunlight.
Received this for a Christmas gift. Great for listening to music and works with our Nest thermostat. Echo is in our main area and dot is in our bedroom, kids like dot to take downstairs and listen to music. Looking forward to adding lighting to our home so Echo can control it. Have had fun asking Alexa questions too!
I am really enjoying having books right at my fingertips. I am spending much more of my time reading than I did before. Love having a large library in such s small space
The Fire TV is by far the best of any of the Stream Boxes
I bought this thinking it was needed for the Echo that I purchased. It was not. However if I ever want an Amazon Fire TV it will be ready.
I have the Kindle Fire HD, so when i bought this i expected something up to that caliber or better. Sadly, it did not. In my opinion the older one is better in sound quality. The new one is lighter, but I did pay less for it.
Bought this for my daughter-in-law she was getting headaches from her last e reader. She loves the light on this paper white.
Great Item, I read in the dark without strain and never disturb my wife's sleep, User friendly and durable. I've not been a reader until now, have several books but it's at night when I have time to read but have to have a light on, This has been the Game Changer. Two Thumbs Up!!!!
Over Priced due to the cost of Kindle at 289.00. Should come with Kindle.
Purchased this to replace my ATV to allow use of Playstation Vue. As a huge Apple user, I expected it to be a sacrifice but I love this even more than my ATV.
This is awesome! I have a 4 year old grandson and he loves the tablet!!It's kid friendly and has great games that he likes!!Would recommend it!!My 9 year grandson also traded in his drawing pad for a tablet and he loves it!!
I love listening to music and awesome tell play certain radio stations or music to enjoy as I work. Took a little getting used to know how phase questions to get Alexa to answer but we are both are pro now. :)
bought this to see the difference from google's product. was not happy, google was more responsive and easier to use. returned product 2 days later!
Purchased the Amazon Fire Box to enjoy movies. I really love the device. I am looking forward to purchasing another.
I purchase the Echo Alexsa for my wife and nest temperature gauge. She absolutely loves it. From adjusting the house temp to asking her about the weather
I went into Best But to buy another reader but ended up buying a Fire 8; good value and has the things I need in a reader.
Couldn't be happier for what Alexa offers. Good Product.
i have the firestick in our bedroom and this in the living room. works great very fast. for the price its well worth it.
Very user friendly, amazing and interesting; you have all the help that you can get just by talking to alexa.
The Echo is now the third device in our growing Echo household. We started with an Echo Dot for Christmas last year. We loved it. I bought an Echo Tap for my husband for his birthday to be able to take in the yard or garage while he works outside. We now have the Original Echo and love it just as much.Having multiple Echos in the house allows us to use it as an intercom with the new "Drop In" feature. Also love the new "Multi-Room Audio" that was added with the latest update
Got it for Christmas and he loved it! Great for beginners.
I'm ambivalent about this tablet. It's a great price point and the picture quality is amazing. It's great for watching Netflix. But, you are locked in to only the apps available on Amazon. I can't download my browser if choice or even the google search app. Additionally, the tablet is linked to Amazon, and basically unusable if you don't have a valid Amazon account, I bought an additional tablet for a non Amazon person and they couldn't download any apps.
Sadly no having netflix support is resulting in my last tablet purchase from Amazon.
Despite of being a good idea, it lacks some logic or connectivity.Most of the questions non-related to the Amazon universe don't have an answer. Although if you have a smart home/devices the functionality grows up exponentially.
This is just the perfect item for what we needed. It is compact and can go anywhere with you.
Bought this tablet on black Friday and I'm very happy with it. Haven't even touched my ipad since buying this little guy.
The Paperwhite is so much easier to use than the classic Kindle. The Back light & touch screen are definitely worth the upgrade.
Bought the Kindle fire for reading and for my kids gaming apps. Very user friendly with quick and easy access to amazon shopping
Love this reader. Small, light, easy to read in bright sunlight. Seems solid and durable.
I had to ask for help because they don't keep this model on display, it's "behind the counter". But other than that, in-store was a breeze. And the product exceeds my expectations. Although, it would be even better if it was waterproof--- but it does perfectly fit into a medium baggie.
Never bought this item at all. So i guess you must have the wrong person
Enjoy all of the products features. Including using hue lights
I am also dealing with Centurylink at 30 speed. I am considering Time Warner at 15. This I am told will eliminate any streaming problems due to internet speed.
This tablet is easy to use especially for parents who are not really good in using gadgets
I bought this tablet for my wife. The tablet is easy to setup, not very bulky. This is a tablet for casual use and not for any serious use. Simple interface and easy to use, great product as the first tablet.
It is very good, but very limited to the number of applications that it can support.
We bought this for our 6 yr old kid. It is easy to use and the battery lasts for several hours.
I have only used it one time to download an e-book. It works exactly as it was supposed to work. Just wish it came with the kindle rather than having to purchase seperately.
I bought this because the PlayStation Vue interface is the same as what you see on Sony PlayStation. But while I was having al sorts of problem with PlayStation running PlayStation Vue, I didn't encounter any of the sameProblems when using FireTV. It's like when Oracle GoldenGate was working better with Sybase database than with Oracle. :-)I will wait for newer version of FireTV for my other TVs.FireTV is the best streaming device for PlayStation Vue.
Perfectly packaged with that hi-tech mojo. Works as advertised
lightweight, convinient, feels like book. Great at outdoor and night reader.
I love this device for reading. The backlight comes in super handy when in dark spaces. Battery life is great. I like it!
This product does great for the kids. We haven't had and problems with it.
For the price of this tablet its well worth the money very durable and works well
I can't say enough great stuff about my Echo. We especially love to use it to play music for our dog while we are gone. Maybe we are nerds but we love it.
I brought one of these tables as a gift and they love it! It was easy to set up and great price.
Great tablet for the money and basic media. I enjoy it for reading, audible, and streaming video. Uses Amazon App Store which uses google play. Thousands of apps!
Takes a bit to get used to talking to a device, but it works great for playing music, providing scores and news, and for controlling smart devices like lights in the kitchen.
Kindle Paperwhite is great for reading any time, day or night (without needing a light!)... and any where, beach, bed, airplanes. So much more convenient, i.e. better, than carrying a book, or several books!
It's light and it holds a lot of my books! I carry mine always in my purse.
Can't say enough good about it. My 10 year old loves it.
cord is too short
I bought this as a gift for myself, and I love it!!!
Good product! Pros: Great relieve for my eyes.Good battery life! Awesome experience for reading. Cons: The screen has no response two times.
It's great and it works very well with 4k makes all the difference in the world.
Wasn't really sure of all of the capabilities and applications for the Echo, and I am still discovering them, but after a week or so I am happy with the product. Easy initial setup, easy access to my home WiFi, Amazon account, and google account. I have already used it to set timers and reminders and re-order past Amazon purchases. All easy-peasy lemon squeezy
I love my new toy. Alexa is my personal girl Friday. She understands what I want and retrieves it. Easy to set up and use.
Easy setup, nice OS, no issues whatsoever, voice recognition in the remote is sweet and works well.
good product***********************************************
Great little tablet, especially for the price! Does everything I need it to do! Only complaint is, you have to reconnect it to WiFi again whenever you turn it off and back on - and sometimes it won't connect to certain ones - possibly due to security settings? Other than that, I love it!
The Echo is the coolest thing! I love it. I even got one for my son, and he listens to music as he falls asleep at night. It's awesome. Buy one!
I love this divice, it has an amazing image, I will recomend it to any body, and ypu can install a lot of good apps
We love the shopping list feature. The timer is great too. We feel spoiled!
BOUGHT FOR 3 YEAR OLD GRANDAUGHTER. SHE LOVES IT AND NOW SHE WON'T NEED TO STEAL MOMS TABLET OR PHONE.
Easy to use and navigate. Great for watching movies and videos!!
Nice beginner tablet for the younger person. Perfect size for travel
My 6 year old grandson navigates on the tablet with ease. He's even taught me some things.
Out at the farm we set up a ClearStream 4 antenna and got about twice as many channels that we wanted to watch (total about 50). We needed an interface for streaming and this works great. In addition it gives us a remote control for our Tablo to record the shows with no subscriptions needed. Total cord cutting!
Price is nice but performance was not. Sluggish to the point of frustration even to my 4 year old. Would be fine as ereader or maybe basic web device.
This is bleeding edge technology. It's not a Google search but with new skills being added all the time it's a great way to use technology.
I absolutely recommend this product to anyone who has a Amazon prime account. Very good sound from the speaker. Highly recommend.
I have watched about 15 to 20 movies and haven't experience any buffering or freeze
Amazon Echo is so incredibly cool. The only thing that would make it better would be if I could call it Jarvis when I speak to it. I would totally feel like Iron Man. Once you setup your iHeart Radio, Pandora Jam and Amazon Prime - your music possibilities are endless. It will also give you news headlines, weather, wake up alarms, etc. You can teach it skills such as telling jokes, random pick up lines or even pootering on demand. My kids love that it has a quite extensive poot library. (something I never thought i'd say) One warning! It gets expensive quick. I had it two days and was already back at Best Buy buying a Phillips Hue Starter Kit so I could control my bedroom lights by voice. Not mention that you can order using Amazon Prime by voice. Although some setup to do so is required. As far as the overall initial configuration is very easy. The sound is very good and it makes a great blue tooth speaker as well.
Bottom LED lighting is a bit uneven, and a bit distracting, but the overall package is otherwise excellent for reading, and without all the tempting distractions on a conventional tablet, so one can really focus on reading. The 300ppi is really crucial for images and especially maps and diagrams.
Glad that I get to control the time spent on which sure site and apps.
This tablet is great for games and books. Good size for travel.
I just plugged it in and connected it to my Amazon account. Super easy to use since it is voice activated. I check the weather and traffic every morning plus ask Alex almost anything.
Fantastic for reading in dark conditions. Very light and easy to hold.
Intuitive to use for the built-in Amazon, Netflix, etc., etc., and allows for streaming directly from the computer, too.
My son is a huge fan of it and I love that I can control what he watches and plays
Great unit my neice can use when traveling to watch videos and take photos.
This is a good product if all you want to do is read emails and do some internet browsing. It does not compare to an iPad or a higher level Android tablet. For this price, I believe it is a good purchase for basic usage.
I lurve reading. Just lurve it. And I lurve my kindle.
This is definitely an improvement over the paperwhite, not sure is worth the premium though. While faster than paperwhite it is still way less responsive than an iPad, it is very hard to type on it (when searching or sharing on goodreads for instance).I like the navigation areas on the edge of the screen but I'm not crazy about them. I'm not sure what would be a better alternative but they are not all that comfortable while reading in bed. I guess a thumb swipe would still be better if the device would respond more nicely.I previously had a Paperwhite which got lost and I thought I'd better buy the latest kindle now.When I bought the paperwhite it has been an experiment, as I'm not an avid reader and I have a hard time reading paper book since I got surrounded by gadgets. I actually read few books on the paperwhite and I enjoyed it. So when I lost it (misplaced it) I was longing for it as I had few books I wanted to read.If this would be priced at least $50 cheaper I think it would be a 5 star proposition. Like it is now, it is a tad too expensive for the scope and the shortcomings. Closer to $100 it would be a sweet price.Prefered buying at BestBuy over Amazon as the loyalty programs are better (vs nonexistent) and I also used a movers coupon.
Very user friendly. Occasionally when I'm switching back and forth between sources, there is no picture, only sound so I have to turn it off and back on. Not sure if the problem is with the fire tv.
This has gotten such rave reviews from the recipient of this Christmas gift that I will be getting one for myself now.
This little Kindle was worth the money for sure. I would tell all my friends to buy this because of the great price that it is.
Easy to view in all light levels. Easy interface and loading of books is fast.
This tablet is the perfect size and so easy to use. Read, play games or any other purpose--it is great!
Easy to setup, quick delivery! Great for beginner users of technology.
We love the Echo. Decent speaker and easy to take outside.
I decided to buy my son a tablet. After lots of research, this turned out to be the best one for it's price point. It even has expandable memory! So if you want a simple go to tablet I highly recommend this one!
Got this for my 10 year old granddaughter and she loves it. Uses it for game play, homework, etc. Mom and Dad loves the parental controls. Not having to worry so much.
I love my Amazon Fire tablet it does exactly what I needed to do.
just what I was looking for to putin my guest room. It has a good picture
I think this is one of the better streaming devices
I saw this on sale, and bought it this is the 3rd one I bought to add to my existing system. They are easy to use and setup.
My mom really likes this tablet. It has a much bigger screen for her to stream her news shows. She is very happy with her first tablet.
The tablet was a great price i have recently brought expensive tablets but this one does the same job as the others
I love this tablet. I know it's not an iPad or any of the big tablets but it does just what I need it to do. I've had it a few weeks now. I've downloaded videos, read a few books and played some games. I've had zero problems so far. I know it's not the best video, but for the price of the tablet I don't expect it to look like my flat screen TV. I'm trying not to load too many things to keep it from slowing down. So far so good. Browsing the internet is easy too. I'm getting used to the browser and the app store for Amazon. For the price of this tablet it's not too shabby!!!
The screen was small for me and I couldn't access a website with free ebooks. I ended up taking it back and read on my iPad now.
I used to read late at night with a bed light that kept my husband awake. After I started using the backlit Kindle Paperwhite my husband exclaimed, "No more white nights!"
Easy to use, responds quickly, great screen brightness.
I wasn't looking for a new tablet when I saw this one for $40. With its capability, I couldn't pass it up. It's perfect for eReading, my kids can play games on it, and it functions great. It won't be a replacement for my iPad 3, but it serves it purpose well.
I bought 2 of these tablets for my kids on their birthdays. Very easy to set up and use. Also very easy to use and monitor the kids usage and controls to what they download and watch. Great part is anytime they download something, an email is sent to the parent notifying them what was downloaded.
Sold it on Craigslist the day I bought itWhat does that tell you.
I am still discovering what my Echo is capable of and learning more each day. I do wish it came with the battery pack as I thought it was rechargeable.
This is a entry level ereader that only allows you to read in the day...you will not be able to read in the dark
The only bad thing about Alexa is you have to down load apps for her to do things . She is getting smarter by the day as long as I put the apps in . But she is fun .
This tablet has great storage capacity. I have downloaded all kinds of children's movies and learning activities. It's great.
Alexa can answer most of our questions. Great for kids who love asking questions and for grown ups as well.
Alexa does well with basic applications. Hopefully Amazon will continue to improve on it's ability to answer more in depth questions besides the weather and play music.
Have be very happy with the line of products so far
I love the box, lots of features, can use on any tv home and vacation..
I purchased this tablet for my ten year old twins. It's a great gift for this age they haven't put it down. No issues yet and easy to navigate through the apps.
I have an ipad, and though I can say this is no Ipad, it works great...especially for the money. Never touch the ipad any more and even bought some of these for my kids.
This is one great tablet. I download books from my local library and read them on the go. I love the WiFi and everything about this tablet. I only paid $49 for it, but it is awesome!
This is a great little tablet. I can go on line, watch movies, check email, play games and more.
I really enjoy the Echo. I got an Echo Dot and liked it so much I then got the full size Echo. I originally go the Echo Dot for the novelty thinking I wouldn't really use it very much but it turns out that I use them all the time. It is not something that anyone really needs but it is handy and a lot of fun. Some of the things it does really well: It's great at voice recognition - you seldom have to repeat yourself. Setting timers, reminders, and alarms is as easy as saying Alexa, wake me at 7 am Or Alexa, tell me when 10 minutes is up. If you are a Prime member the Echo is great at playing music from your music library or from Prime music. It's also great at playing radio stations (using tune-in and other apps). In the morning I'll say Alexa, play 680 WRKO to listen to Kim and VB on the radio. Some of the things the Echo is bad at: It's well known that it uses Microsoft's Bing search engine so most anything the Echo has to search for comes back with the response I don't know that. Being able to tell the Echo to use Yahoo or Google would make this a five star rating. Also, if you set an alarm or reminder it only reminds you on the device you specify or the one that hears you. For example, if I'm in the upstairs bedroom (location of the Echo Dot) and say Remind me to call John Smith in 10 minutes and then I go downstairs to the kitchen (location of the Echo), the reminder will only be in the bedroom. It would be nice if I could have an alarm or reminder set on both devices. The Echo Dot has the same capability as the full size Echo as far as I can tell. The only difference is the full size Echo has much better sound for music. That being said, the Echo Dot still sounds great, amazing really, for such a small device. But the full size Echo is like listening to a stereo. Again, these are well-made devices and are a lot of fun and very useful. Maybe not a necessity but they sure are a fun conversation piece with guests or grandkids come around.
This is useless. I have tried to calibrate it to my smart home. Pointless.
I bought this for my wife as a gift to replace her older fire. Absolutely loves it. Has all of the features she needs. I don't think there is a better tablet on the market and the value is incredible.
can't connect to any router, hot spot. Returned and so did the sales clerk with theirs. enough said...
Much better resolution than previous version and easier to use!
excellent, good to handle easy for ant teenage to used
We purchased on of these tablets for the family during a black friday sale. my 8 year old son loves to play games on it and watch videos at home and on long car rides. My wife loves it to read books. We ended up buying a 2nd one because the use of the first was so much. we love it and cant beat the price
This is the first tablet i have owned and i must say it runs great. And the battery lasts for a good amount of time. Cant complain when it comes that cheap.
I bought my Echo to explore some new technology. When I walk in my house after getting off work I ask Alexa to play some music from my play list and there it goes. Alexa keeps me up to date on the weather, Emails me recipes, plays triva games and so much more.
This could be a 5 star as well- just a jump in price for a bit better sound as the Dot. Functions are the same but it's sound is def better-
I would recommend this to all of our friends and family. It's worth every penny. Good warranty, comes with a free subscription, works quickly and is very durable!
We did get this when it was in sale for about 50$ and for that this is an incredible value tablet perfect for anyone who wants a screen without paying premium prices. Build quality is fine and screen isn't the best but definitely usable.
I bought it for my son. He loved it. I just don't like he can read my books at Amazon. I should be able create a sub account and limit it.
I BOUGHT IT AND BEEN VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT,GREAT TO FIND STUFF AND SPECIALLY MUSIC, GREAT SOUND TOO,WOULD RECOMEND TO ANY ONE
This is extremely easy to use, packed with abilities, and has internet capabilities. I can't believe all of this for such a low price. This is the only tablet anyone needs.
Great product, very easy to apply and I LOVE IT :)
Amazon Tap is exactly what I expected it would be. The sound quality is good with the Alexa features. I love that you can charge it on the base or with micro USB cord. I would recommend it to anyone that is interested in Amazon Echo and would like the portability.
i have bought at least 6 people this kindle it is perfect......
I love it I bought once for my son and a year later in still good conditions someone stole it sad day but he's birthday was coming so I went ahead and got him a new one he's in love with it.
Love the Dot, Hate the Tap Portable! This device will not hold a charge for even one day. The dots are amazing though.
Amazing fire TV is simple, works seamlessly. I like the streaming speed, and cache on the device. Amazon has lot choices interms of movie. Big bang for your buck.
I bought both the Amazon tv & the fire stick. I prefer this product cause it has a few extra perks such as 4K streaming, multi channel audio & hard wired connection to name a few.
Would highly recommend, great product great price.
It was on sale. Worth it for a first time tablet buyer for something inexpensive
Love it whould tell everyone to get one buy it you will have tons of hours to do things.
This is a great tablet for the price. Gave it my not so tech savvy mom for her birthday and she loves it!
easy to operate and has good color. use it when out and about.
I got rid of cable for this and trust and believe it is worth it.
The Echo is in our kitchen and is a great device for listening to songs. The wife loves it and the kid likes to ask it questions about all kinds of different subjects. Got it on sale and for the price I could not pass it up. It was a great buy and very fun to have around.
I love this product. It is exactly what I was hoping it would be.
Bought to use Sling. It works decent. Glitches sometimes but overall worth it.
Wish tablet was voice capable. Only problem was how long it took for the Merrillville, IN store to restock. They ran out at Christmas. It took about 2 months before they were available again.
Love the fact that it has a rechargeable battery and can be moved with no issues for listening in other rooms. Has a decent amount of Bass for the size.
Cant beat $50 for a brand name. Both for reading and browsing.
Works ok, doesn't shutdown properly. Notified Amazon tried to fix over the phone. They wanted to replace it but I said I would put up with a "hard" shutdown
Great Bluetooth speaker with the added benefit of Alexa
If you are in sunlight you can still read with clarity, I don't need all the extras , this is perfect for reading books.
I purchased the Amazon Tap when it was on sale for around $80. The sound is amazing (unlike my Amazon Echo it has stereo speakers!) and the battery life is great! It has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth so you can stream from the internet or from your mobile device. Highly recommended!
Tried to use it for and it's does not work as ebookWhich is why I am not satisfied ..
This device is such an excellent streaming product that will let you unlimited movies, tv shows and more!!!
We needed a new tablet and after some research this one seemed to fit our needs. Would definitely recommend this to anyone that is looking for a tablet.
Bought tablet for my 4 yr old daughter very easy to set up and works awesome .
My grandson can operate the kindle fire with no problem. Just the right size for his little hands.
I absolutely love my firebox. Its convenient and easy to use. Great for watching movies with the kids and family. I have not had any problems with it and Alexa is a great addition.
This item is useless to play music through voice recognition unless you pay for an amazon prime or Amazon music account. Once that is disconnected she only plays your music through manual control from a blue tooth connection from your phone. Pointless!!! More than half the questions I ask her she doesn't know the answers to. The only thing she's good for so far is the time and weather. That basically the most expensive blue tooth speaker and clock I have ever purchased. I want my money back
I have to unplug it and wait 30 seconds every time
Very nice for reading and watching videos. Strong wi fi is a must. Slippery to hold so buy a cover
Easy to use! Just plug in and search for your favorite movies and TV shows.
Alexa is the best. If you can get past your kids asking her every question that comes to mind. Great product.
I love my fire tablet, use it everyday from mail to games
I just have to say this product is fun and very functional. I get up in the morning and I get news briefings from her, then I can play games, and music all through the day, I am able to leave messages for other family members who have the same product and they can answer me back. I'm loving it!
Very good!
Love me some Alexa., Im looking forward to better software updates that come in daily. Speaker is good, just looking forward to the new stuff
This is a great tablet for the price. I have one that I purchased a few years ago and use it much more than my laptop. Recently purchased two more for gifts.
This is a simple tablet - light and very portable for a child. There are many free apps available and they work fine on this tablet.
Excellent for streaming entertainment. Easy set up, works great. Compact, sits under TV and blends in.
The tablet was a gift for my Dad for Christmas. He likes it so far, the music part he loves. The tablet is build solid. I like the home page better than my 6 inches one. He has used expansion micro SD by putting 128gb.
Works very well. Cheaper than an iPad and works great for apps and video.
the kindle is all way a good product for the money the hold family have one just got me the 10' and love it get a Kindle and same money at the same time
Got this for the wife and she loves it, easy to switch users also!
Nice product. Works well.
This kindle is so good on so many levels. Not sure it is worth the price premium over the paperwhite, but you will definitely have the best reader on the market.
It doesnt get any better than this for a travel tablet, or for kids. The size is perfect and function is seemless with prime. Excellent product.
The Kindle Paper white is excellent for reading; however: 1. Product needs to be able to shut OFF! Very unhappy about this. Advertising says will hold charge for weeks - not so, when Kindle paperwhite cannot be shut down. It only holds a charge for a few days, if you read for a couple of hours each day. 2. I have books that I do not intend to read often and want them left in the cloud. I am finding it very close to impossible to return any of my books to the cloud - IT SHOULD BE EASIER!! Amazon made it easy to change Kindle's when I purchased a new one. All Kindle's should be user friendly. Sadly, this is not the case, with the Paperwhite.
I had purchased the same Kindle about 2 years ago. I love it. So I bought one for my son as well.
This is exactly like any other usb power charger, making it unnecessary. A basic charger used for an ipod works to charge the kindle fire within 3-4 hours.
Great price - great shipping - great item! Perfect Christmas gift for our granddaughter!
i really enjoy this tablet made a great christmas gift
Great entry level tablet for kids without the worries of easy breakage.
An interesting addition to the home. Easily recognizes speech from multiple sources and is able to answer most questions. It is a bit complicated to get all set up and to determine what is free and what requires subscriptions. Works very well.
Ordered it for a friend so that he could do his bible study, n play games n read books . He loves it
Easily to set up. Second Amazon Echo for the house. Only drawback is speaking too loud causing a response from the first Echo and an Echo Dot we have in the home.
Purchased for my 76 year old mother and she loves it. Easy to use and she can access all apps and flow with touchscreen options Great product
Liked the first one, love the good sound quality for its primary use, listening to music
Love Alexa. So much fun to ask questions and get information.
This has been user friendly for my dad, who is 78. Always provides entertainment and meets his computer needs.
Love it! Really like the camera as my old one was backwards and hard to use.
Decent tablet for the price. Expect just basic use and function. This is no iPad be sure you aren't expecting that.
We tried the roku 3 and by far the fire box is way better in our opinion.
great if you want to read, watch a show, catch up on email, or casually browse the internet.
I bought a first generation Kindle Fire a few years back, when it was on sale for something like 185.00 and loved it. It took a bit of a beating and I had recently begun to think about buying a replacement. I think that original tablet would probably be more comparable to the Fire HD 10 or something. So my experience with this version is colored by the higher quality first generation model. I also use a Surface Pro tablet as my personal/work computer, so that too probably color my opinion. Out of the box this is lighter than the original. Upon powering up, the original bookshelf carousel is now replaced by a more standard tablet home screen. In terms of processing speed this version feels a little slow. Games I had on the original seem to struggle a bit on the new Fire. Web-browsing is not terrible but is not terribly fast either. In the end, if you want a good e-reader on a budget with a few extra features, this is a great buy. If you're looking for a serious small tablet, you may wish to add a bit more to your budget and get one of the older siblings.
Purchase this tablet for my mother. Her first tablet to read books.
I used visa checkout for this kindle, so it's a bargain. Also, the product is amazing.
This is a very simple unit to unit reading if not strenuous at all on the eyes
great tablet! So convenient. satisfied with this product. MY KIDS LOVE IT!!!
Bought this to replace a previous tablet that died. Popped in a 16 GB micro SD card to add memory. You need more, 8 GB is not much. This tablet throws plenty of marketing at you, but in exchange you get a lot of functionality for not much money (I paid 40 plus tax). If you like intense gaming, you'll be disappointed I think, its not super powerful. True it cannot run Android apps, but its an Amazon product, so there are lots of apps out there. For my light weight needs, it works well.
Purchased for my god son and he loves it! Wish I could have found a cover for it at BB as well, but was able to eventually get one.
For a low cost this Kindle offers much more than was expected. It was replacing a earlier model Kindle and it has all the bells and whistles of a high priced tablet.
When purchased it wouldnt turn on. After doing some research everyone said theirs did that after dropped or being dropped in water. I FINALLY got it to come on.
I am so glad I got my son (5 1/2 years old) the Fire Kids Edition Tablet! It is extremely durable & provides hours of educational entertaining fun!!!
Apple TV is going to do better than it currently is to keep up with Amazon Fire. So much more freedom with this little black box.
Bought one of these for each of my grandkids and they love it!
My son loved it he was so happy when he opened it up
Best if you have amazon prime but you don't need it.
Battery life is excellent. Lasts days. No glare when reading outside
My teen daughter luv it and is having fun with her...
Great learning tool with extensive amounts of material to use. Accident proof bumper a big plus!
I bought the Kindle Paperwhite after my Kindle Fire quit working. I read every day. I really liked the Fire except I couldn't read outside on my deck with it. The paperwhite is only a reader, no internet access but that's fine with me. It's lightweight and easy to use. Very happy with my purchase
Has game selections, most my kids play. Great for daily use!
Echo works great and she is much funnier then Siri for sure and they are expanding her capacity all the time. Well worth the money
I enjoy how small this version is, although if you are looking for a lot of features, I would recommend other Kindle products. Pretty much, this is similar to carrying around a paperback book in size and portability.
I bought this for my wife , she loves it, I would recommend this to any one who wants a small tablet that can do about everything.
grand son said he liked it .that it was fun to play with. he could do what he needed to do with it. glad he is happy with it.
One thing I like most about the kindle fire product line are the extensive parental controls. The game play seems to be good and movie playback is as well. My kids love theirs...
its a good box if you dont mind the amazon restrictions
Wanted for videos. The screen clarity is great. Great product.
We bought Alexa for Father's Day.. my husband is so attach to this Robot and we are too!!
Great tablet for the girls, they love it. Easy to use and great with amazon prime.
I love being able to say "Hey Alexa, play the Beatles" and she plays a mix of my favorite songs. And not to mention playing Jeopardy every night!
I read about this new 8" Amazon tablet in the New York Times. My Google Nexus 7, 4 years old, was getting slower and slower, and I needed to upgrade - for as little money as possible.This Amazon Fire 8" is an excellent value for the money(only $89!) - very fast, great screen resolution, and easy to use. I was skeptical of the Silk browser, which I'd never heard of, but it works fine. There is no "page forward" arrow, which is odd, only backwards, but I can live with that.It has exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it. I'm not in the Amazon ecosystem, this is my first foray, and it's a good one! Congrats to Amazon for making an affordable, great quality tablet!Also, the purchasing experience at Best Buy was easy and convenient, as always!
Once we downloaded Pandora and iHeartRadio and others on the Echo app we can listen to virtually anything. The kids like to ask Alexa to tell jokes, search facts and request music! I'm always asking her the time and she sets my alarm! So nice to not have to get up to do something. She's awesome!
Bought the Kindle Fire Kids edition for my daughter. Very easy to install and download several varieties of apps and books and music and photos to customize to her interests. Very well built and easy to use. Compared to several other brands we have purchased this is by far the greater option.
My old Kindle Fire got pushed into the water by my cat, so I bought a new one. It's OK, but nothing to write home about. Kinda of slow and the size is a little awkward.....too narrow. It'll do, and the price is right, but if you can afford more, buy a better tablet.
This device does everything. I get news, jokes, stock quotes, sports scores, etc. Plus it maintains my shopping list
The best tablet for the price i use it everyday to watch youtube videos
best e reader to date. yes it's a bit pricey, but it reads like a real book.
It is good tablet for any age love it very easy to use
It is so easy to set up. Like to ask a question and get The answer. The best gift ever.
I like that the reader has a backlight for reading at night
We got this as a gift for our 2 and 5 year old. Love the parental control feature and it is fairly easy for the kids to navigate.
This is a good tablet for kids and comes with a good warranty
Our family absolutely loves the convenience of the Amazon Echo, Just talk to Alexa and you have music, weather, news and so much more.. Great Product...
Amazon fire tv the only way to go love mine better than Apple TV .
I love the fire tv and it has a much faster processing speed than the fire stick, which I also own. I also like that the fire tv allows you to connect to all of my other accounts like Netflix, HBOgo, etc.
Good deal. I recommended this tablet to several family members.
I purchased this for a child on the angel tree for Christmas.
I brought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my 9yr old son. It is the only present that he is still to this day playing with he loves his tablet.
Fast processor, excellent interface. You need this if you are cutting the cord.
I'm no computer expert, so I appreciate how easy it is to use this tablet. Perfect for facebook, email, and online searches. It's fast and uncomplicated.
This tablet serves its purpose as my primary reader and mini computer on the go. Size is good, picture is clear, and the volume isn't bad for media either. Thumbs up
I love this device! Perfect size for my bad eyesight! Lol! I use it all the time! One down side is the .battery life is not great!
If you love the idea of having all your books in the same place, at all times. you should get an Amazon Fire. I purchased this tablet for my Fianc because he reads tons of books. Now he doesn't have to remember where his books are, because he can now have them at all times on one device!
I plugged it in and helps tremendously with the kids homework as well as let me change the light in my house hands free. Also has a great speaker so I can hear it clearly across the room
I got this for my mom. I have a Kindle and there are always free games available for it but not for the tablet she had so i got it for her and download a bunch of games for it. The only problem is the games seem to drain the battery fairly quickly
My kindle battery seemed to last a really short time. I contacted Amazon support and they suggested to try this charger. It did help. Now the kindle lasts more than 2 hours.
Really wanted a tablet that was near the nexus 7, but didn't have too much bulk! I looked at the Nvidia Shield as well, and ended up settling on the Fire HD. Tremendous resolution, great battery life, and very easy to use. Highly recommend to anyone that wants a portable tablet for reading, watching videos/movies, and gaming.
I like how cheap this is. It's great for browsing the Internet.
The shopping list is a great feature but it could use some improvement like adding multiple lists. Music sounds good on it. The kid and her friends love playing with it.
Love it. Great gift. Awesome for those who don't have a tablet or never used one
This is s good inexpensive tablet that works well for young folks.
This is a convenient tablet to keep in your purse and use for reading. I would definitely recommend this tablet.
Yes the kindle is pretty nice. The battery lasts a very long time and the letters are clear.
Poor response. Very sluggish. Even the Amazon app is slow. Not so on my Apple or Droid tablets. I've yet to load any apps.
I definitely recommend this tablet is so perfect for children.
Great product...great price very easy to use...I got it for my nieces..they love it
I've never had a tablet other than an apple. It seems to charge quite slow but I'm not sure if it's because of the tablet or the cord or some setting I'm not aware of; but it charges ridiculously slow, other than that I am very happy since it's for my son.
Purchased for 8 yr old daughter. It's easy for her to use and allows me to set time limits on her game, internet and streaming.
My son has the vacuuming chore. He loves his new toy! It is light and seems to 'walk' itself.
This newer version has better back lighting, also much easier to use. I definitely would recommend this for those who want a dedicated reader. The battery life is much improved too.
I use my Amazon Fire almost every day. So much easier to carry the Fire versus books!
Was a gift for my mom and she loves it. Thanks Amazon
I bought this tablet for my grandson and he loves it. Plenty of memory, good enough sized screen for him to read and play games on. Compact enough to be easy to carry around.
it's fun and easy to listen to music, get weather updates, etc.On the useful side it makes operating your lights, garage door, and other items in your household; working them is very convenient
I really like the Amazon Echo. It gives me information w/o my having to log online. Alexa's voice is clear and the information concise. I like the sleek look & the blue "ring" that allows you to know when you have connected with Alexa. There have been quite a few questions she cannot answer. Hopefully as we become used to the Echo and how to phrase questions our luck will improve.
I bought this for my daughter who uses it in her AP classes...easier to use a bigger screen than her phone screen in class. She loves it!Price was great!
I'm in love with Alexa! This is the most amazing piece of technology I've ever owned!
Simple and intuitive. Plays Amazon content, Netflix, and I also run plex from it. Great easy to use product.
We cut our cable in hopes to just use this product. However, we cannot view most things without logging into a cable source. So now it just collects dust. I guess if it was "jail broken" it might be better.
Will Suggest this tablet to my friends. Yes I would suggest this product to my friends. I will purchase some for Christmas Gifts.
My daughter loves it, except that she can't connect to her chromecast
Bought one for each of my kids. Unbelievable the thing you can do. This one was for my husband. He loves it
Good price. Battery life is good for a color tablet but you have to learn to charge more often after being used to a white pages tablet that does not use the same power.
Works good, quality for videos aren't that great but it's good for surfacing the web, games, books ect.
This was a gift for my daughter at Christmas. It is a great basic tablet, especially for the price. The only thing I would say that is a con would be the lack of apps available vs Android or iOS.
This was a gift for my mother and she loves it. Great price!
Best thing to happen to my life !!! And got it cheaper being in the Best Buy program.
This is my second echo and I have a dot as well. Great product. Love everything it can do including keeping up with my shopping list. Love these!
Though I was leary of paying that much for a streaming device, it is well worth the price.
I love this Kindle and bought it for the upgrades to replace my original kindle fire. I would give it an excellent rating if the camera were better but the pictures come out grainy and not very clear. Great for watching shows and videos and these are very clear.. Love playing games on it and of course reading the latest books.
So happy we made the decision to cut the cord and move to Amazon TV!
I wrote the review previously thinking it was the Amazon fire. Turned out it was the case I reviewed. The Amazon Fire is a great alternative to the kindle and the case is sleek and not bulky.
I upgraded to have more memory and this is a great little tablet. Works great and does everything I need it to do.
I am not the biggest reader but this made me start reading again! Really easy to use and very easy to read off at night or in the bright sun. Very user friendly and lots of little things to make my reading experience more helpful and exciting. Originally got the basic edition Kindle without the back light and instantly returned it. Not having to have a well lite room was more than worth the extra forty dollars.
Wonderful, so glad I got it. Great for reading. Child restrictions are a plus.
thanks
The tablet is awesome. Easy to use. At a good price.
Its good for the price. Amazon store is not as huge as Android play store
Easy to use. Great size. Great price. Easy to navigate.
bought the tablet for my elderly father who is a avid reader...he loves it!
Excellent tablet for the price. We bought it as a child's tablet to surf and play games. Has tons of free apps for kids.
Nice tablet for the price. Has all the features I need and adding a micro SD card gives it plenty of storage.
Does everything you need a tablet to do in a small package. I gave it as a gift and the recipient can't put it down. I have the first generation Kindle Fire and I still love it!
Amazing what Echo can do. Look forward do more with the updates that come out.
Echo is more polished and ahead of the curve. It integrates well with my smart lights and plays music through Spotify. Needs integration with my Fire Stick, but Harmony Hub is a great solution for this for now.
We really love being by able to play music with her.
I have found this to be a most capable tablet and would recommend it.
This was a nice upgrade from my first kindle fire but the volume is just not high enough !! I had to buy a wireless speaker for it.
My son just love playing games on this tablet. Its easy and fun!
This Kindle is much lighter than my old 2nd generation Kindle. The ads are no problem at all, as they only appear when the Kindle is in sleep mode. The back light is great, so is the price!
I'm a big reader and love to read on the go! This makes it possible. It's light, and super portable and goes everywhere with me.
Nice little table for the price. So far it's working well for the family.
Easy to use, light weight, very good price. Highly recommend this product!
I use this every day on my commute. Great battery life, no backlight but very readable with normal lighting. I like the built in dictionary. Email yourself pdf or mobi files for easy transfers.
Love it amazing easy to use love the look sound amazing
Works good for a plug in for the kindle fire that I bought
I like the changes that have been made since my current 4 year old unit was purchased
Nice product.My kids love it,good for YouTube search.
A reader, but the processor is not fast, react slowly
We bought the Fire TV box a few weeks ago to help save cost on cable tv. So far this has been a great alternative. We only have internet now and subscribe to Amazon Prime for around $100 a year. We subscribe to two other apps for $26 a month to get ESPN channels for basketball season and archived shows on CBS. The Fire TV box is easy to setup and use and there is also a Fire TV app that can be downloaded and used to control the box from a tablet or phone in addition to the Fire TV remote. There are thousands of tv shows and movies with the Amazon Prime subscription that are free.One nice feature is if we start a movie or show and don't finish one day we can go back the next day and resume where we left off. Another plus is the "Alexa" voice activated assistant to look up tv shows and movies and more just by asking. We have cut our cable cost by more than half. We did buy a digital antenna to get local tv in additon to the Fire TV box. So far we love our Fire TV.
one of the best media player options for streaming TV
I got this for reading late at night and the reader is a easy way to read at night.
I purchased this for a family member for Christmas. I've owned this tablet and it's great.
Bought as a gift for mom. I've seen one before nothing spectacular but they work. Fixed a screen for a friends last year. It took maybe 20 minutes so that's a plus.
Best tablet for my 2 year old son... it has helped a lot and seems to be the most simple kids tablet system available
very nice thanks best buy very fast and very good price
Nice work good look al my movies work great on my tv
This was one of my best purchases hundreds of great movies and shows available.
my son loves it. We have a lot of games and education games also.
I am very happy with my recent purchase of the Echo.It is like having a genius in a tube.
Bought three of these during the Black Friday sale for family gifts. Everyone loved them. Cheap and fun little tablet to have.
Good sound. family has fun playing games, listening to music and got an opportunity to use amazon at a great price!
Have both boxes and they work very well without any issues. I bought many for family and they also enjoy and use them daily.
Had the kindle 7th gen with no backlight and upgraded to the paperwhite. Was one of the best decisions I've made. You don't even notice that there IS a backlight because it blends in so well, and compared to the 7th gen is a night-and-day difference. Buy this, you will not regret it.
Bought as a gift and person that received the Kindle has really enjoyed it.
The Kindle was as a replacement for an earlier model. Its performance and ease of use are superb However, the battery life is far shorter than my older version. It wouldn't last from LA to Frankfort and the old one did.
Inexpensive tablet that we bought 2 for the kids in the back of the car.
Fun and capable device. I would like to see it be able to link to my calendar on my iPhone, I may have just not found that program yet. My kids love interacting with it.
Great price and easy to use. Perfect for using while traveling by car.
i love the box better than the stick. For one i love that you can directly connect with an ethernet cord, usking the ultimate speeds, and that is has the android os which you can play with to get some of the best programs out there.
This item works well. Will help you avoid those monthly cable fees
Friends of mine have one and said how great it was. I have the amazon fire stick in the house but thought this would be better in my living room. Easy set up.
I GOT THIS TABLET FOR MY DAD, HE'S NOT REALLY INTO TECH ITEMS BUT THIS TABLET LOOKED EASY TO NAVIGATE AND IT SEEMED GREAT FOR THE PRICE TOO AFTER READING THE REVIEWS I WENT AHEAD AND PURCHASED IT. MY DAD HAS BEEN USING THIS ITEM EVERYDAY SINCE HE GOT IT. I AM VERY IMPRESSED WITH THIS PRODUCT! ITS GREAT FOR THE PRICE AND WORKS WELL. MY MOM ALSO PURCHASED TWO OF THE SAME TABLETS FOR MY NEPHEWS.
Much better than I expected for the very reasonable price.
The fire is a good product for its price. We bought it for travel and it worked like we wanted it to. The volume was lacking though. Trying to listen to a movie an the plane was very difficult.
This version makes it incredibly easy to read. Much better than an iPad.
I love how easy it is to use Alexa! We use it mostly for music.
Really impressed with what this tablet is capable of doing for price. At only 49 dollars it is pretty snappy accessing the internet and playing videos are sharp and clear. Most of the apps I need to use are available and free. It seems to run similar to Android tablets which should be easy for someone familiar with how android operates. This might be for kids to use but it fits with what I need to use.
I am an Apple Fan but I had to see what all the buzz was about with the Amazon FireTV. I decided on the box instead of the stick because it had more memory and could be placed in my cabinet. I mainly wanted to use it with Kodi and it has worked well so far. I also like that it supports 4K streams from Netflix. Setup was very easy and was packaged well similar to the way Apple packages their products.
Our kids love it and the Amazon unlimited is fantastic with tons of options. However, our kids still fight over usin our grownup tablet bc the screen is larger.
Great price and great for young one and a good tablets for beginners
It works like advertised. The only issue I have is it can hear you when you are listening to music on volume level 8 or higher.
Thought this would be too bland for an 8 year old, but he loves it. Games, books and apps are great for the age range. Parental controls have kept him honest.
I bought this for my daughter during the holidays and after four months of use it would no longer would charge. I tried other charges as well and it's definitely the tablet. Now I have to go through the hassle of seeing if I can still replace it under warranty.
use as a reader and music, games watches movies i good all round tablet
Purchased as a gift for teenager. Love that it encourages her to read and lets her do other light web.
I love the Kindle Paperwhite. It is thin and light weight. It is easy on my eyes. Easy to throw in my purse when I'm heading out.
The person who I gave this to is enjoying this gift
This is a great tablet for anyone to use. This is a wonderful product to purchase.
So easy to use grandson loves it nice starter tablet
Love our Alexa. Just note that you must have Amazon prime if you want to get the most out of it. can listen to music and search anything. The ability Alexa can hear is awesome.
I LOVE my fire! I subscribe to both Amazon Prime and Netflix, and it's perfect for those. Plus you can add additional memory cards. I have bought iPads for everyone in my house, and bought this for myself and am in heaven. The camera isn't good though, but I don't use it. For the money, this is an incredible value.
got this and i can possibly say i definitely needed this
I actually had a kindle. But I have grand daughters and they always want to play with it when they come over .. Soo removed all my books from it and put their games on it and got me a new one for me... Now we are all happy. They watch you tube and Netflix and play games. It's a win win.
This device is the coolest thing in my house. I speak, It listens. Who could ask for anything better. Joking aside it will spoil you when it comes to day to day events and searches.
It was easy to set up and use. Best Buy employees were a huge help teaching me about the many features.
Great buy, great update. My new go to tablet, could ask for more.
Love the access to films. Easy to read and work with. A Little like an Android. I am used to IPhone apps but this works great once you understand it.
Love it. Makes home automation a breeze. Easy setup
Perfect for the bathroom, we love it! We have about 6 Alexa's in the house now and planning on sticking with this AI.
Got this tablet for my 5 year old works great even use it myself sometimes good for movies as well the only thing I don't like is too many adds on it can't take off unless you pay amazon for it
Was looking for an inexpensive tablet for our child. Got this while on sale and ordered a screen protector and child case. Has worked well. Can set daily limits to prevent them from using to much. Would buy again.
Skeptical at first - did a lot of research & was a vanity purchase that has turned into one of the most function home devices I own! Timer in the kitchen - done. Quick weather check - done. Order something from Amazon - done. Throwing a party & need tunes + great speaker - done. Alexa will continue to get better & the Echo gets smarter as you use it.
This FireTV has more streaming options than many of the other devices I have tried. It is now a mainstay in my home.
Unfortunately my grandson has broken the glass somehow.
Bought this to get rid of cable tv. Works great ! Very easy to set up and was able to get this working in no time.
Ok, so Alexa can't answer everything but so far I've asked the same questions to Siri and Alexa and get better answers from Alexa. Looking forward to growing my home automation system now. Volume is pretty good. Also bought a dot which will be used with my receiver.
A gift for my grandsons. They love it and it's easy to use. The salesman Dan at Best Buy in Peoria was outstanding.
Excelent product it works perfectly with the others appliance in my home
What made this even better was the Black Friday prices on the Kindle Fires. At $35.00, if they get broken, it's not as big of a deal. I remember buying one of these when they came out and it was a whole lot more than it is now. That's technology for you, I guess. Great buy. Great product.
Nice tablet for kids. A little slow loading. The fire time is extremely hard for children to operate. I guess it's ok for kids and beginners. I haven't decided if we are going to keep it or return it.
Best streaming tool I have seen and used!!!!!!!!!!
Got this for the tanks giving and found it to be a good one for my daughter. The battery life is pity good for this device and the device itself is robust as my daughter uses this tablet very roughly.
Didn't spend a whole lot of cash on this, bought it as a gift for a child for Christmas. Has all the functionality that most other tablets have. Screen might not be as nice but for the money you can't really complain
It works as advirtized and. Best Buy had it in stock at my nearest store
I purchased this for traveling. I can access my e-mail, books and games without lugging my laptop. I'm sure I will learn more as needed.
Amazon products are always great products! This time, the pricing was very competitive and reasonable.
This tablet is great for kids snd adults. It holds a lot of memory. U added a lot of games and pictures and still have a lot of space.
I really like the Amazon Fire Tablet because it is easy to navigate, the size of the screen is good, and the weight of the product is not too heavy. I purchased the first one for my husband a couple of years ago, but he broke it and I decided that it would be a great Christmas gift for him since he really enjoyed the first one. Because I really like the product, I have recommended it to several people who have purchased one.
Very nice tablet I like the size of it too nice for a young person
I bought this as a birthday present for my boyfriend to use for Netflix and email responses (without breaking out his huge laptop). He loves the portability of the device. Just wish the apps were a bit more sophisticated in what you can get.
It's pretty cool. Integration with Amazon Music via the mobile phone interface is a little iffy which is odd given both products come from the same company.
Iam enjoying my fire tv with all the app and movies would recommend it .
I love my Amazon FireTV. Very easy to hook up! Very user friendly!
bueno
We've had a lot of fun programing and working with the Amazon Echo. Great product with solid utility around the family living space - we use it to get news, weather and even turn on the TV (and associated devices)!!! Works great and constantly updated. So pleased that we bought one for one of my brothers and his family.
Best e-reader for now ! eyes feel comfortable for reading !
The box works great for what I need it for. Installation was easy. Easy to move around within the apps
The Amazon Echo like living 20 years in the future. We have not even touched the possibilities of this amazing machine.
Wow - now it comes with the Alexa functions - how do they fit so much into such a small device! - Awesome technology.
Fire TV is a game changer, definitely worth it to spend the extra clams on this over the fire stick. Awesome product,
Love this kindle - the press side page turner is great.
I bought this for my living room Tv works great. No issues what so ever.
My daughter gave me a google for Christmas but I returned it because I wanted an echo. Love it!!!
I don't care for having to close each window separately I would prefer to be able to select close all or exit all
Love my Alexa . Very responsive and technologically advanced product.
Tablet is modest for it's price. Good for beginners.
This is a really great product if youre looking to start your smart home.Obviously this works best if you have an amazon prime account, and even better if you subscribe to a few streaming services. You can still stream plenty of free stuff as well.
I really enjoy the Fire tablet. The only drawback is the short battery life. However, for $49, it's a great buy. In fact, I recommended it to a family member. If battery life were better, I would give it a 5 star.
Very happy with the tablet. Nice, portable size with good display.
This is the best tech device for the home. It keeps one company and communicates with the owner. It might be a life saver for the single person, the lonely elderly, and the young that likes new technology.
The Echo is amazing. I am able to control the smart home devices from a number of different platforms. Also having the timer and alarms functions makes sure I am able to keep on schedule if needed.
It's much lighter than my first gen version and slightly smaller. Recognizes taps much better and has a nicer keyboard. Still has a few things I don't like - kind of slow, insists on me using the Silk browser, I don't like that I can't delete certain pre-loaded apps that I will never use. There are some apps that aren't available for it, like Chromecast. For the price, it's a good little tablet for internet, reading, simple games, checking email and WatchESPN. Battery life still an issue, rarely lasts more than 5 hours with use.
Bought it as a gift, she loves it. Very entertaining and wonderful volume, having lots of fun with it.
The Fire TV box has USB that allows PS4 controller to be connected for games and emulators. Also option to add SD card storage as well as USB. No brainer and recommended!
It's a really good tablet for the price. I was amazed! If you're on with the amazon app store(aka underground) then you'll love this tablet.
This is great product for listening to Pandora and amazon music.
My experience with Alexa it's been pretty good ,the grandkids love to ask questions as she have an answer for each and everyone.
I really wanted this as a Christmas present however it's nothing like the ads. Alexa works sometimes and then not. I can't get her to play music or listen to the radio through her. Very disappointed. Plan on taking it back.
Bought for my wife to be able to read outside. She love it and uses it all the time over her first generation kindle fire. Does not glare when using outside
Don't hesitate to purchase. Works great. My son has the Fire Stick which works great, but this Fire TV is so much faster and more responsive. Love it.
I purchased two of these tablets as a gift for Christmas. It has an exceptional HD screen which provides rich colors and makes it easy for those that like to read book, articles etc.
Hadn't really checked into Kindles/tablets before. Does more than I expected it too, tho now I'm a little disappointed that it's a little limited to Amazon-related and approved stuff. The app store for the device is more limited even tho it uses a form of Android (which means no Flash also). But I'm mostly using it for reading, so I'm happy with it and would recommend it. The 8 was the perfect size for me, the 6 screen was too small for reading comfortably and the 10 was too big as a handheld.
great to use very easy to use for teens and greatprice
Even with onky 8 gb it's pretty quick. Only issue is downloading the free webroot... its not compatible
I love how you can play games on it and have all of your account all-in-one!!!
I got the Fire TV so that I can watch Directv Now. It works really well and is right up there with the Roku Premiere + that I also own.
Very affordable tablet,soft led screen impact on the vision.
Good tablet for general use. Easy to add apps. Good battery lifetime.
Great product for those interested in a simple e-reader and don't need to stream video.
I brought 3 for my boys and they love it. My three year old watch mickey mouse, my 9 year ol surf the web for homework and my 15 year old use it for you tube and music even live chat with his friends.
This is my third Kindle. My sister bought me my first one and I said I didn't need it and probably wouldn't use it. I was so wrong! I use it everyday. When it died, I bought another one and then a third. I can't live without a kindle.
I love it. It is just as they said. Kindle fire hd.
I want one in every room, this is so handy. I love love love it!!
We received one as a gift for Christmas love it so much we bought one for our parents.
Worth every penny, amazing functions. Alexa is loud and crisp
Great entry level tablet for kids. Easy to use, easy to control!
Lightweight, seems very durable. Bought so my toddler can use my kindle on a flight in a few weeks.
Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
Have another ereader but wasn't able to read it outside. This is much easier to read outside. It has lived up to expectations.
Still needs more compatability for things it controls. Needs some sort of access to maps
Easy to set up. Very responsive. Excellent sound quality.
I totally love the Kindle Fire tablets purchased for my grandkids. My sister purchased one in our hometown for my mother. She is equally happy. My granddaughter and grandson spend their wind down time in the evening on the tablets playing their favorite games. In addition, they want a dog and conduct research for the type of dog that the would like. Overall, the tablets are easy to use and provides technology for them when they visit every other weekend. I am pleased.
This is one of the best purchases I made a long time ,
FireTV box is a lot better than the FireStick...Awesome device, just had an issue with one firestick freezing up a lot but was easily returned when i brought it back to the store. no verification was needed and they exchanged it for a new one. I use them to have Kodi on them and i have a total of 4 in different rooms. They do freeze up sometimes when running a big build or a big app on them which gets annoying... then i use the FireTV which is better and can handle more than the stick can.
This is a very good basic tablet. The resolution is excellent and is great for reading or surfing the Internet. The only annoyance is the adds that pop up on the home screen.
The Amazon Fire is very versatile. Affordable, and can side-mount the Google Play Store.
The firestick with voice remote has tamed the TV again, making watching enjoyable and easy. My wife is the one who is really sold on it, as she had become frustrated with most of the gadgets I've brought into the house. This one she won't part with!
Not that great but a good tablet. No problems yet.
Kindle is good. I got one for my husband and sister. They are really enjoying them. It is easy to use for someone who never used one. My reason for not giving 5 stars was completely due to my best buy experience. I live in a small town and drove thirty miles to get to best buy only to find they were completely out. Asked for help at service desk and they seemed put out by me.I wanted them to call another best buy to see if they had any.I was willing to hold them with a credit card in order to get them. They would not do that. I had to drive another 50 miles to pick one up. Just thought best buy should have tried to be more accommodating, but it was Christmas shopping season.
This is a good device for entertainment and entry level tasks. I think it can do a lot for the price.
I know this is not iPad, or Samsung Tab. Nor I was expecting this tablet to get any close to any of them. But boy, for $34 this tablet rocks! I toss it in my car, gym bag and i am not afraid to toss it around. Great durability, great value for money!You cannot go wrong with this. Highly recommended
Great for music! Speaker quality is excellent! Can listen to Pandora and also through Amazon Prime...Haven't attempted to order from Amazon Prime yet though. It will do other things as well...we are still learning!
awesome speaker and alexa is very helpful. I bought it for the bluetooth speaker and alexa is a bonus.
I originally purchased the Google Home and it was very nice but speaker was not loud enough and it was ugly on my night stand. I swapped to the Echo and it is nice looking at the illumination when responding. The bad part of this device is you have to be very specific when making request and the echo can't hear you when the volume is over 5/10. If I had to redo it I would probably keep the Google home. It was more accurate even on my wake up alarm.
Love hd qlty video awsome selection from music to tv shows
We bought this to watch movies and read. It doesn't disappoint.
I got this for my friend for Christmas & she was thrilled when she got it! I have an older one & use it all of the time. Very pleased with this product!
Pro's The colors on the screen are AWESOME. It is easy to operate and move around in and has lots of app's in stalled. Con's The operating speaker has very low output and is hard to hear.
Thought we'd have tons of fun with Alexa; found that had to stretch to use it productively. Maybe that's why Amazon puts out a steady stream of "Here's what's new with Alexa" emails, a lot of them revolving around buying more stuff from Amazon.
it is a good table for children and it has a good price.
Convenient and easy for my 10 year old to use to do homework on.
what an amazing device. super fast in comparison to the fire tv stick. best streaming device available in my opinion!
Bought two of these for my kids and they love it!!
Does everything I wanted it to do with very few errors.
I bought it during Black Friday cause it was cheap and on sale. In the end, it was a really good buy! There's a lot you can do/add to the tablet, yet it has an external memory! Jut look into what you can do to this tablet, and you'll fall in love!
Great way to stream movie with out paying monthly services
The fire tv works well with wifi or hardwired. Great for streaming netflix or sling tv.
Best product for reading.I am using since one and half years.
I've always used AppleTV but now that I've started using this, I got to it before my Apple TV. More options to choose from. And I can still cast my MacBook to it! (Gotta install an app though) but I like it.
Very user friendly, and easy to set up. I would recommend this to everyone, especially Amazon Prime members as there are more options. Also no lagging time, as I experienced with other streaming devices.
Bought a digiland for the same price and had too many issues! Bought this for my daughter who is 9 and she uses it with ease. My son has also had one since January 2016 and no problems.
My mom is not computer savvy, however she has really taken to the tablet. It is easy to us and just the right size for her to handle. So glad that Best Buy recommended this product for her.
Kindle products are fantastic. I've used a kindle & now have a Kindle fire. Use it everyday, so naturally, I would select a Kindle for my granddaughter.
I purchased it for my dad and he has had no complaints. He's able to download all the games easily and fast.
Nothing too special or complicated. Fills the need.
Bought this for my mom who is in her 70's. It's perfect and easy to use for the older generation.
Just plug it in and off you go....easiest electronic setup there is.... di turn out I didn't need it as the Samsung TV I bought has the Amazon Prime app on it.
Purchased for mother in law as a Christmas gift and she loves it. She had a version 1 and she loved. She loves the better sound, picture and speed of the newer version.
I was worried at first since it was cheap but I'm loving it more and more everyday. In fact I went out and bought another for a Christmas gift for a family member. Easy gift. And you can use HBO go and Netflix. The only negative is there was no blue tooth. Just a FYI it's the 5th gen 8g amazon fire
This is super simple to set up and use. The hardest part is using your tv provider info to gain access to some of the channels. This requires a bit of patience since you have to log in and enter codes and wait for emails to accomplish.
Great screen clarity and rapid turn on.All function you need in a transportable tablet
Great price on Black Friday! Works perfectly as a child's tablet for educational games teaching letters, numbers, math, etc.
Very kid friendly especially with 2 younger siblings. Bright color is fun and easy to find
Love the apps of this device. Many hours of enjoyment for my son. Nice size for him to watch videos and learn as well.
I didn't see that much of an improvement from the fire stick so I don't think it worth the extra cash. Decided to go with fire stick to save a bit.
Got this as a gift for s friend that loves to read books! Very convenient and portable. Doesn't heat up to bad either.
Works great with good storage but, lacks online browsing speed.
Works flawlessly most of the time. Would be 5 stars if amazon would stop fighting against people rooting their devices. It's our streaming box. Let us do what we want with it.
I bought this for my daughter,she reads books on her cell phone,so i thought she would like something bigger, she also informed me that she can use it for her Master's degree classes cheaper way to order books that she needs.
we have had kindle for a while in our family so it just seemed natural to stick with it for my grandson's birthday gift.
Small and lightweight. Easy to use! I can read, search the web or check in on social media on this device.
I gave my husband this tablet for Christmas. He is very pleased with the product. He likes it much better than the last tablet that I purchased him 3 years ago. He highly recommends the product.
It never ceases to amaze me. If she could cook I'd marry her.
had to return a digiland tablet that I got for my daughter for Christmas and best buy didn't have another digiland so they let me get the kindlefire instead of the digiland. My daughter likes it all except for the fact that she can't get the google play games that I have on my tablet.
This new technology keeps us informed of a lot of everyday things...weather, news, traffic, etc.! We also enjoy the Prime music and so much more. We already had the Echo dot and that has been move to my office and I enjoy all the same feathures from it while I'm working in there!
My son loves his Amazon Echo. It is a cool gadget to have.
Lots of cool features, especially enjoy the shopping list feature.
Nice tablet, many apps for android were also available for the fire operating system. More free apps then android.
I like than is compact I can carry on my purse, I don't need to worry for book mark and I can be reading 2 books a the same time,
Have purchased one and found it amazing. I bought second one for my father who find it hilarious
i was deciding between the box or firestick and am glad i chose box. very happy with purchase
Good product, great price. Big improvement over my first tablet.
Wanted to get my wife an upgrade to her old Kindle and this was it. Works great and she likes the fact that it is in color.
This tablet is great for young children. Our kids got them for Christmas so we are still trying to figure everything out. I would recommend buying an sd card with your purchase of the tablet bc storage space runs out fast.
I love the non glare screen on this product. Perfect for summer beach reading!
I got mine for a month, and I mainly use it to read PDF documents from SD card or OneDrive. The tablet is nothing like the reviews said. It FREEZES up every time I press "Home" or go to the next page or even to close out. When I go on the internet, some pages do not load fully. 9/10 times only the 1st half of the page was loaded. I am very disappointed.
This Kindle Fire will replace my 1st generation Fire which was awful except for reading books. The new one lets me do almost anything I wanted: surf the web, read and reply to emails, read e-books, play games, etc. So much better than the old one.
Great tab for the money. Good for gaming reading or general streaming.
I guess I thought you could ask it anything kinda like Google. You have to program everything it does,pretty limited right now. But still pretty cool
I've bought kindles before so we were already familiar with the product. It works just as great as the other ones and is a nice little size. Picture is better on our other ones, but that's because the other ones are HD. Great purchase for a great price!
Love this amazon echo , answers questions, plays my music , even manages lights in the house ! Love it !
This fire is much better than the old one so far. It responds much faster and has a much better screen. I also put a 128 gig memory stick into it which the old fire could not accommodate. So far, so good.
Stay charged for a long tine. Prefect size for young kids.
Very sturdy for little people who might drop it easy to read
Excellent. Nice solution to non smart device. If you use with a smart tv, the tv remote will also run Amazon TV. We use it with a projector and usb audio for the sound.
Not sure about having a bot monitor my household. 1984 has come to fruition.
Responses well and there are lots of skills to be added for increased function.
It is very easy to read, no glare at all, easy to get up and going.
For the price, it cannot be beat. The screen isn't the best quality but for the price it is sufficient
This tablet is a good choice for little kids. It is not very expensive and provide nice features for the price. You can beat this!!!
Bought these for my kids for Christmas , they have lasted through drops , kicks falls and throws . great product
Great family streaming eliminate cable all together.
It's not only helpful but fun to have Alexa in the kitchen. You can play music or games while cooking dinner and get her to add things to the shopping list.
Easy to use, easy apps and books, you can use a timer to schedule time use
I love tge size of the tablet. I can store it in my bookbag and go about my way.
For the money this is an exceptional value. Not the best tablet out there but it is the "best" for the money!
Love it. Great gift for those that like things to be more convenient. Why get up every five seconds when alexa can do it for you.
This amazon fire 8 inch tablet is the perfect size. I purchased it for my husband so that he has a bigger screen than just his phone. He had gotten me one a few years ago so I knew it would be a good purchase.
have heard so much about echo ,I had to try it out. Setting up with my router was a little hard but finally got it and when disconects again it back up on its own, nice to ask about weather or what ever and not have to grab my phone need to get prime music account so can listen to any or all music on there but for now really happy glad I got it,good price too.
Very pleased
The price is perfect and the portability can't be beat!
This is an amazing ereader! The screen is crisp and clear. Super responsive to the touch. There are lots of fonts and sizes, so reading is a real pleasure, even when I'm tired. Very light and comfortable to hold. The light is perfect for reading at night without bothering your partner.
Terrific product. I was pleasantly surprised. The fire exceeded my expectations. The cost was literally a fraction of an ipad, yet it has the same functionality. I liked it so much that I returned the next day and got another for my wife.
I bought this for the ease of downloading for travel this is amazing I would recommend this
You aren't going to find a better tablet for this price. Loading non-amazon apps can be a pain and the OS is not the best, but it's great for games and reading.
Easy to use. Has a nice clear picture.comes with some good apps.
I had a fire tv stick and it works great, so wanted to try the fire tv box. Works great and loads much faster.
If you know anything about the android OS and what you can run on it this is the device for you!!
If your a prime member this is a must have. It does a great job streaming all of your prime media and your personal media. It does a great job with Netflix too, so if your an Amazon fan this is the box for you.
Awesome thank goodness for the next week and we will have a good day
For the money, this is a very good tablet. I bought this as a gift for my dad. He loves it, and he uses it everyday.
The kindle HD has met nearly all my expectations. Stereo speakers would be nice. Great screen resolution.
Great for Sling TV, Vevo, YouTube, etc. Must have.
I brought it for my best friend and she love it very much.I will buy one for myself when it has some discount.
Purchased the device when it is on sale, it is much better build than Matricom Gbox Q. Looking to buy another one when it is on sale.
Good device, use it often, wish I would have waited for a sale. Otherwise, works well, I've been using this more and more, especially given the rising costs of cable. If you can wait until the next day to catch your show, and have an HD antennae, you can say bye bye to cable bills (minus the internet, of course). Love what you can do with this, with the included remote, if you have an alexa home system set up with hubs, the voice remote can be used to control alexa. If you're looking for a cheaper version, the stick will work, but if you game at all, this is your best bet, especially with the quicker processor
I bought this to go with the Toshiba 4K TV with built-in Chromecast I bought from Best Buy. It's nice when it works but I had problems with it that caused me to return it.I have a Fire Stick and it works great. I leave it plugged in but it needs to be unplugged every few weeks, otherwise it works fairly well. The Fire TV had to be unplugged after every use. The screen would flash and sometimes there would be a popping sound. If I left it plugged in for any amount of time, then it would not work well. I liked the voice search on it and Alexa works great. You can ask for the weather, play music, and presumably other things that the Echo, Dot, and Tap can do. Just a side note, you have to keep the button pressed when asking Alexa to do something.Maybe I had a defective unit, maybe it was something else. But I've had a Paperwhite and a Voyage that both died on me in similar ways. I've never had a problem with the lower end Kindles or Fire tablets. Based on my limited experience, Amazon just doesn't get its higher end products right. I'm still going to use Amazon for a variety of things, but I no longer trust them for the higher end products that they make and sell.
I got this only because the next best (full android tv) is the nvidia shield which is a little out of my price range. Amazon blocks alot of the native android features and hides some apps that are generally available in the android play store. Other than that it's a great streaming device
Great for family especially my kids. Alexa has been keeping them busy - engaging them by answering unending questions, playing music, educational insight (history, geographical, science, math...). In addition we are now almost always playing our Christian worship music on the Echo. Hands down the Echo has become the greatest addition to our family among all gadgets..
I'm so happy with my purchase! Very easy to install. Love the interface. Well priced. Haven't had any issues.
Kids love it. Does the job of an iPad but cost way less
My grandbabie love their kindles this is the 8th Kindle I buy for them
Very functional device, takes some time making Alexa smarter. Unfortunately it needs to be powered by a wall adapter so you can't take it from room to room...
Still exploring all the things we can do with it. I enjoy listening to radio on it.
I Love my Alexa. You can ask almost anything. Great to hear music of all genre with. I will probably get an Alexa Dot for the den.
For the price you get alot of valueGreat for watching movies amazon shopping youtube
This is a great product. It still needs better AI to make it more user friendly. I also have a Google Home. They each have their own strong points.
Tablet is nice and light and durable Great for my nreices and nephews
We returned this item after 2 weeks. It took a lot of repeated request to get it to listen to us and it just wasn't as easy to use as I thought it would be.
We have a lot of fun with the music asking questions Great tool
I'm pretty happy with this, just takes a little bit of time to figure out were everything is at.
Not much to say here. Cheap, fast and very functional. I was able to install google play store and everything works perfectly. Best tablet in its category. If you want something better, you better be ready to pay 3-4 times the price.
Christmas gift for my son, he really likes it & easy to operate!
This is the best product. You can use for so many things and its such an easy tool to have around!
the first one I got was very slow. I turned it in today and this one works great
I use this for PS Vue and works great. Knocking a star due to ethernet issues, and for some reason ESPN app keeps dropping the connection.
I purchased this to download books for school. Screen too small and OS was not to my liking
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV after owning the Roku 3 for a year and after trying both the older and the newest versions and Apple TV. I am a Prime member so this seemed like a perfect choice. However, the remote is very unresponsive, disconnecting more than it stays connected. The menu layout is very "ad-centric" and pushes you towards how Amazon wants you to view their service. When the remote works, the Amazon TV seems sluggish in comparison to the other products I tried. After several hours of fighting with the remote, I decided to return it and get another Roku...possibly the version 4. Good try Amazon, but far from being close to either Roku or Apple TV.
Used the product almost everyday and love the product
This is great for e-reading and basic internet use.
The product was very easy to use straight from the box.
To date I've experienced 0 issues. I'm a cord cutter and Amazon Fire tv has helped make that possible.
This is a great tablet for the money. Perfect for someone who does not want to shell out hundreds for an iPad.
Fantastic price. Large amount of app to choose from. Good parental controls. Helpful technical support. Of course don't expect this tablet to not getting slow when multiple apps are running in the background.
This is my first android tablet. It works pretty good though don't expect it to work like an iPad. The ads are extremely annoying, but that's not Best Buy's fault.
My little 8 year old guy loves this kindle. Couldn't imagine a better Christmas gift.
Music, full home automation control, an assistant, calling, shopping and lists, much much more...anywhere with wifi, home or away. Get one, you will not regret it.
I returned this with the reader in the same box.
Got 2 of these for my two oldest daughters, 5 and 3. Perfect for them and love the features. Battery life seems pretty long. The year of freetime plus the case makes it worth it! Will be getting another for my 3rd daughter's 2nd birthday.
I like the price point for this tablet but for being a quad core processor, it runs kind of slow.
I was pleasantly surprised that I have enjoyed the Kindle Fire. This was my first ever use of buying books on Kindle due to summer courses I was taking at the time in May/June 2016. WHAT I LIKED- Kindle Books Synched on MacBook and Fire tablet: very helpful when it came time to write my papers. The highlights I made while I read the book on the tablet synched to the version I read on the MacBook desktop. This helped a ton, especially with things like formatting the footnotes.- Watching Videos: cool little feature while you watch a video you can tap the screen and it will list the actors who are currently one the screen. - Amazon Shopping: I can now understand people's Amazon shopping addictions.l I will give it to Amazon, this tablet became my gateway to using Prime and countless hours of online browsing. Prior to this I rarely purchase items online, I can see how they have made it so easy across platforms. - Portability: I like that I will bring this with me for my general online browsing and reading needs rather than having to use my laptop or my phone. WHAT I DID NOT LIKE- Sign-on Screen Ads:There is no way to turn them off. I suppose for $39/49 depending if you purchased on a sale, the advertisers are subsidizing the cost of the tablet. However, I wished this was stated as a "feature" before purchasing it, I may have paid the money and upgraded to the next Kindle if I had known it could not be turned off. - Turning Off/Standby Mode: This took some time to get used to rather than an issue. When you turn the tablet off, it is really on a standby mode so the batteries will drain. You have to hold the button a little longer and make sure it is turned OFF. - Weather App: I don't know if this is just my tablet, the weather app does not update as soon as you open it. It takes minutes if at all to update with the current weather. I have not been able to find in any forums if other people are experiencing the same issue. I have instead downloaded and used other weather apps. But at this point the app is worthless. - Screen Resolution: It's not the best, but I got used to it. For reading and occasional video viewing purposes it is sufficient. - Screen Dimmer/Blue Light Mode: I read and use the tablet at night, and have gotten sensitive to the brightness of the tablet screen. And the system's default dimmer and Blue Light feature is awful. The Blue light app allows you to set the color tone however, it is so orange it makes it unreadable. The app I use instead is called Bluelight Blocking. And even dimming the brightness with the slider was still too bright for me. So I have had to download the app Dimly so be able to set the brightness.
The product I got was the amazon fire box to go in my spare bedroom for guest instead of basic tv and defusing to pay cable service for an extra box.
My only wish is I would be more computer litterate. I have trouble understanding what to do next to continue so I go back to start of games. I bought for the Kindle and reading apps. but have put netflix on it
Love it, had the stick and it was kinda slow navigating. This one is much faster. Was going to use this and cancel cable. When I told my cable company I wanted to cancel and I was just going to stream everything they cut my bundle cost by $100. I kept cable but I also still use my firetv alot.
Bought these for my grand children for Christmas and they have thoroughly enjoyed using their 'tablets' and the apps that can easily be saved on the tablet.
Great little dash cam that does not get in the way. Bought two and 1 was defective out of the box but returned and got another. Nice color screen and a lot of bells and whistles for something this small
Cheap tablet for someone that knows little about the internet.
B ought this for my wife and she loves it. I love it too because it is the beginning of my home automation. Great product.
Works just as well as my Rokus, however the interface is completely awful. Buy the fire for kodi buy a roku for everything else.
Very impressed with this tablet. I usually only purchase Samsung products but I needed something affordable for my children that wasn't terrible like the other knock off brands. This tablet is fast. Needs me memory but it is perfect for my kids. I bought 4!!!
It is running smooth and is a good tablet at a very low price.
This tablet is amazing works really good ...........
To me, this is an AMAZING little device. I suppose it's not very fast by modern standards. Downloads are heavily dependent on the speed of your internet connection and are slow and often unreliable--my home internet connection is not the greatest. But the screen. for its size, is beautiful. There are many games, apps, and books available for free. I LOVE my Kindle Fire. It has wonderful, lean, fast apps for accessing email and Facebook. The graphic on games amaze me. If you want a basic tablet for not a lot of money, I think this is a great choice. I'm considering getting one for my sister.
If you already own a Bluetooth speaker, an Echo Dot may be adequate, but the Amazon Echo is a great all-in-one product to manage your smart home products and stream music, too.
Love the flexibility to watch what I want! Can switch between locations in the house, and also in our second home!
Awesome for my 12 year old! Very good product, educational.
If you're main purpose is shows, books, light web browsing/social media, and light gaming -- this is the perfect tablet. Very friendly price. Nice construction.
Cannot beat the value and features that this product offers for the low price point.
Great tablet fast screen good size never gives me problem
I enjoy the access to alot of the apps. Wish there were more sports apps though
The Amazon Fire tv is a great way to watch your favorite shows and movies. It's easy to use and the best part it was not too expensive.
Overall it's okay, I don't like that it takes forever to charge.
I bought this product to gift to a 8year old kid and she loved it. she plays games, puzzles.
This is a great item for the family. Easy to use and lots of fun
This thing is great, I still haven't gotten any smart home devices yet, but everything else is so convenient! Shopping and to-do lists, traffic, weather. I was even shown how to create a Skill so Alexa now will use Google Search for answers!
For first tablet I am pleased. An amazon name is good value.
The Amazon Fire Tables is really easy to read books on and play games and it stays charged for a long time...
I had the original Kindle for years and when it finally crashed I was heartbroken. I don't like to change once I get used to something so having to go out and buy a new Kindle was hard but I need my books. The paperwhite is great because the light is built in so I didn't need to hunt down a lighted cover. The reason I went with the paperwhite is because I can't read with my glasses on it gives me a headache and that model you are still able to adjust the font.It works great in sunlight I read on beach for 2 days while on vacation. It transfered all my books from the old kindle as soon as I registered it also so I still have my library.I am glad to say after being skeptical of change it was a great decission.
Customer service rep took my sale was horrible. Would not recommend her as a customer friendly person
This is an awesome tablet for the price. Kindle got it right.
We had 1 fire tablet and we bought 2 more as gifts. We truly love these tablets. Very great purchase. Easy setup and use
Replacing my son's 5 year old computer. He love the apple products
i like the tablet only thing is im not a fan of the amazon app store. wish it had google play.
4K Netflix streaming is awesome. Tons of available apps. Remote works well. Gets kinda hot after a while but doesn't seem to be affecting performance. Would recommend!
It is easy to set up and start using. The Amazon Echo has an incredible wealth of programs at your disposal. But there are limitations. Once you understand the limitations, you can enjoy a world of music and entertainment at your fingertips. Just realize that it does not have access to every song by every singer. And understand that you have to work with Alexa's interpretation of your accent and pronunciations. Enjoy.
Great tablet plan on purchasing another . Not slow happy with the speed
You can't buy a lousy no brand for this price. Kid friendly. Don't you cringe when your wife gives her brand new iPhone or iPad to the 2 year old. Download apps and a movie or two from Disney and you can have a long peaceful drive in the car with a happy child. If you've bought movies with digital copies you can download them to this device for free. You need to buy a memory chip to expand memory capacity. Plenty of free apps on amazon as well. We bought several on black Friday and have no regrets..
The Amazon Fire is a great intro tablet. I got this for one of my youngest child so I could setup time locks for usage and other parental controls. If you want to use Googles Playstore on the device then you have to hack it on there as it is not available in current builds.
It was really easy to set up. A much more inexpensive alternative to cable television.
Very good device for reading. Love the screen. Makes reading easy and comforatble
My son loves this tablet because of all the apps on the store. we love it because of the parental controls allow us to control what he gets in the app store lol
I like the paper white for reading because it doesn't have the glare like all the tablets with color and it makes reading feel like you are reading from a paper book without all the weight
The Echo is amazing in how seemlessly fits into any household, doing those little things that you wondered how you went without before purchasing. Everything from easy list making to playing songs for the dog when not at home.
I bought this as a gift for my mom and she loves it
This is a great buy for music, news and any kind of information you want.
One of my best purchases, way better than Siri on an iPhone.
I love ordering books and reading them with the reader.
Haven't used much or found out all that it is capable to do, but, so far it is fun. Will say more later after I try a few things.
Very satisfied. Price was great. The curved screen is nice but I believe you get more TV with straight screen. I believe it is just a viewers choice. We have a sound system so I can't speak about the sound.
Very good and easy to use and to set up. Use it more than regular tv.
The way Amazon has set up their software is pretty great, they make it easy to get connected to your hulu, hbogo, netflix or whatever streaming service you have. Plus if you are a prime member you are already loaded with streaming content straight from the box, I have two Fire tvs and three firesticks, wouldn't change them for anything.
good deal. but i hate that because i buy tax exempt, that best buy doesnt give me the reward points anymore. that sucks!
Not user friendly. Sluggish, confusing, and extremely frustrating. Returned the item.
Great device to play music, use connected devices and get questions answered.
Nice tablet for a great price as I purchased per black Friday sale on-line
My four year is very tech savvy better than some adults!Great for shaping her real world experiences.
Awesome tablet and what a great price!!!!! Would buy this tablet a million times over!!!!!!!!
I got this for my sister and she loves it. She plays a lot of games on it.
Alexa has been a great addition to my new home. Never having dealt with any smart home devices and wanting to start, I found Alexa user friendly and the additional apps and services a nice touch. Can't wait to see what new tech and features Alexa has to offer in the future.
Love that this now has a sd slot. Its amazing to watch movies that we downloaded, read books. Its a little slow but for the price its amazing. Great speakers and picture
Great product that is constantly improving with new skills
MY STUDENTS ENJOY USING THIS PRODUCT FOR LEARNING .
I bought two of these, one for each of my granddaughters. They absolutely love them.
This kindle replaces my older kindle. Love all it can do!
Got this for my nephew, he had a galaxy and loves the amazon
we bought the amazon fire for my daughter. works great
Love paperwhite version. Perfect to read at beach, at night ,on plane, etc...
love it great for kids my son loves it and wont put it down
I seriously use this every day... Do some research on what is really available to do with this device and you will not regret spending the 100$ plan on buying one for everyone I know at the holidays this year.
Great eReader for the price. Amazon Prime member. I use eReader when I travel.
This tablet is wonderful and a great value. It's performance is fast
It is great my husband and I enjoy it every day!!!!!
MAJOR KEY... You need this in your life .. If you buy anything else besides this congratulations "Ya played Yourself" #BlessUp
I really like it my complants is that it gives them to many choices that they try to pick all of the apps.
Briught my Kindle Paperwhite on a beautiful sunny cruise. It was wonderful. It's easy to read in the sun, or the shade. Simple to download books, easy to charge, held a charge for days worth of reading.
Worth every penny, if you set it up correctly.....
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
I didn't want to buy my 8 year old something really expensive but I wanted a good device so I tried this out and she loves it. The case that comes with it makes it almost indestructible.
Great battery life. However it is slow to respond at times (finger sensitivity). Otherwise it's great for reading. Very useful.
i bought this tablet because I didn't want to spend over a 100$ on a tablet that would not get much use. I use it mostly to read books and articles online. It has a brightness reducing function which is really great.
I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift. Product is great, does lots of cool things she is very happy..She annoys me all day long talking to it , but thatis also a bonus lol
Love the echo i use it for Music and news and shopping...the sound is pretty dang! Good too...2thumbs up echo
I replaced my kindle that I had for 4 years with the new one and after a short time was able to access all my books and continue reading the book that I was reading before I bought the new kindle. I am pleased with the new touch screen for moving to the next page, like that this one is smaller and easier to take in my purse. I did purchase a case and it is protective and durable. I will enjoy this kindle for years to come
The screen is great on the Fire HD 8. This tablet was given to a child and she loves the tablet. The only thing I don't like about the whole Amazon experience is the advertisement. Other than that, the tablet is nice.
Upgraded from a galaxy tablet that was 4 years old. So worth it.
I'm setting up a smart home and the Amazon Echo is the starting point and it's so easy to use
I am not a tv person but I like the movies and tv content. I love pureflix
I brought this tablet for myself. Good product especially for what I paid for it. Got it on sale for $33 on Black Friday online. Very happy I didn't have to wait in line at the stores.
This thing has it all...even the cartoons that my older kids watched. Plenty of activities and teaching. 5 stars
Meet my needs but feel should be supplied when actually purchasing the Oasis E-Reader.
I can not believe how nice this Fire is for the $33 I paid for it. I would Not spend a lot of money on a expensive tablet when this one will do most everything the big dollar ones will do!
I bought this for my dad. It is easy for him to use and he loves it because you dont have to be super tech wise to operate it.
I have been quite impressed with what a wonderful tool my new Kindle is for such a low price! My wife loves it!!
Easy to setup, very helpful to have. We stream music all day thru it. Also great for creating shopping lists. Just add items when you are thinking about them, quick easy. Makes grocery shopping easier and you save money because you have a list!
Gave as a gift - recipient was thrilled with their new Echo.
my family and i really love alexa, she works great and doubles as an assistant and a wireless speaker, I cant wait till she learns more commands
I purchased this thinking it would be a cheaper tablet for my son with great graphics. It is exactly that.
My two oldest (10 & almost 8) love these tablets and I love the FreeTime subscription from Amazon!
This is one of the best product amazon have on the market now, very fast and reliable.
It was everything we expected. It was smaller and brighter than our previous Kindle.
I was a little upset at first after purchase seeing that I pretty much need to be an Amazon prime member to get the full benefits of Amazon tv. On the other hand, It's way cheaper than having to pay a cable bill in the long run!
Awesome product!! I buy them regularly!!! If looking for a good device buy this one
Not only does it play music, you can shop, create a shopping list, hear jokes, get the weather anywhere in the country and order food for delivery. Plus it keeps learning
Should have been included with the e-reader.
This was a birthday present and it was ideal for a traveler to read ebooks on while on the rood
I use it for reading and I love it! I could take it anywhere.
I bought two of these kindles for two grandsons. They are very good with electronic items even though they are young
Great buy my other blue tooth sound bar went out and I had to have something that would last and this is amazing it talks back and does whatever I need and you can't beat that so amazing echo is the way to go gonna have to get the amazon spot so if your in need of a great speaker and all the extras here it is
I bought this item for my son and daughter in law for Christmas this year. it has not entered service yet
Very easy to setup, internet reception is good using wired connection, 4K capable but 1080P is satisfactory.
The 7 inch Kindle Fire is just right for me to put in my purse to take to appointments at the Dr office or anywhere you have to wait. I have really enjoyed it and have bought 3 for relatives and friends
I got this for my wife for Christmas. She loves it! We both use it. This one is set up in our living room and because we love it so much I got the Dot for the bedroom. Still have to connect features for the smart home. We use the echo every day for a timer while we are cooking or just to play music. There is not need for an external speaker with this model. It has great sound with decent bass and treble. Don't worry about volume either... at half way volume the echo has no problem filling the entire room with nice and full music. I would buy 4 more of these if it would go on sale again!!
I like my Amazon Echo because it can tie in with my NEST Thermostat and I can control the temperature both at my house and at my store with a simple voice command. I also like asking Alexa random questions to see what she knows. I like the fact that she learns more the longer you have her. There are some things that it seems like she should know, but doesn't yet. I know she's still learning, heck, so am I!
It was a gift for a friend and she loves it. Would definitely recommend it
My original power adapter has died. I purchased this. Works as designed, but even more, it's clearly a better engineered replacement unit. You can physically see the difference, from the connector cable, to the transformer body.
Perfect device for kids learning how to use touch devices. Great tool for learning.
This fire tv is awesome! Not only is it easy to set up and use but I'm saving a ton of money on cable :)
It works for just what I need it to. Reading. I also love how the camera works & the games.
My grandkids love's it always on it great learning tool
This is great for things like Pandora and playing music from your Amazon library by just asking Alexa. I also was able to get a thermostat that was compatible and can have Alexa change the temp by asking her to. Wemo devices are touch and go. Sometimes after a wemo firmware update they do not work. Also it could use a line out to hook up to a receiver like the dot does. Note it works with Spotify if you have a premium account only not the free one.
This gadget is amazing - you can watch movies from 1958 if you are into that era.
Bought on Black Friday, couldn't complain about the price. I bought 3. One for myself, one for my mom and one for my 4yr old step daughter. My mom loves the large font option. I love being able to browse the Web and watch netflix. My little one loves to play games on, thank goodness for the kid option! Don't have to worry about to going to non-kid-friendly apps/websites.
It is really a nice addition to our kitchen. My wife loves the timers and I love the music. We also like the various jokes and interaction.
It's not the biggest or fastest but for the price it is perfect! It's a great little device that works well.
I love being able to tell Alexa to turn off the lights when I have forgotten to turn them off.
Good tablet for kids. Easy to use and kid friendly
I'm very glad that I made this purchase. I don't often bring my computer with me when I travel. I enjoy having the option of using a standard outlet to charge the Paperwhite.
We bought this for our three daughters! Got a kid proof case and added free time for a low monthly fee and couldn't be happier! So much better than worrying about them breaking my phone or iPad!
I purchased a Echo for home so added a Tap for my office at work, so I can chat with Alexa at work and my main reason was for a decent BT speaker for my office. This has great sound streaming my Prime music and XM vis the XM app. Can't go wrong. Quality music and Alexa when I need some help with spelling hard word's, she getting smart. Pick one up. You have a woman to talk to when the wife is out.
Nothing fancy. A good budget tablet that does what It suppose to do
I bought this tablet for my mom and she loves it!!! Very easy to use.
Sound is crisp. Alexa is always on point. We love it.
Purchased this for my son. Decent tablet but not optimum
They make a great child proof cover and the battery life is descent so far
I love my Echo. I use it mostly for music but it doesn't everything I need it to! It's also very handy in the kitchen for things like timers, recipes and measurements
This is what we were looking for. Works great. It connects easily.
Originally figured this would be almost a toy, but as I easily started connecting the Echo to my existing home automation components I realized this would become a key part of my home. Throw in the different connections the Echo can make (with my car, for example) and you now have an essential component to your day...absolutely worth it!
Got it for 35 bucks for my son and he loves it so I'm happy
Bought it in order to watch NBC but the NBC app isn't compatible, so now I have a paperweight.
great tablet for kids, and for the price a great value.
Bad performance. Slow device. Not worth buying. Better products are available in this range.
Alexa does what she says, I have the Echo and dot, both are great. I like the echo because of the speaker to listen to music. I also appreciate the ability to check my calendar, set alarms, check weather etc.
I personally like that it is relatively small and light in weight.So, easy to handle for my toddler.With the increased number of games and apps, downloaded on the Tablett, it slows down in speed. That, for sure, I dislike. But over al it is good to have when on the go, on car rides or long periods of waiting.
I have purchased other tablets such as a kurio for kids and this is by far the best. It has all the apps you need as an adult, great for both adults and kids to read books and great visuals. Only bad thing like my old Kindle fire, the micro-usb portion gets loose.
Already had one Echo and enjoyed it so much, I couldn't pass up getting another one at almost half price during Best Buy's Amazon deal day.
I love Alexa! Sure she is just my play thing but, much to my surprise, she has been more useful and efficient than I thought she would be. The Alexa app coupled with Alexa herself and I can keep my day organized, informed, and on track. I'm thinking about buying one for upstairs as well....
This is very easy to use and lightweight. Very convenient
Great price, bought it to work with home automation products but haven't purchased those yet, that's next. Couldn't pass up the price and had points as well. We bought one with multiple accessories for our son last Christmas and he likes using the automation products. Generally similar to asking Siri things in an iPhone question wise. I like being able to add things to a shopping list and view then on my phone at the store. Still get several 'I don't know's' so only 4 stars so far. Probably a learning curve on our part too. Also good for cooking and converting measurements quickly. Like being able to control music and volume from my phone also. Glad we got it, looking forward to adding the home automation products.
Great graphics for price compared to other brands.
Love the size of the tablet for travel, it responds to touches quickly and has a great picture!
Wonderful e-reader. I love my Amazon Fire. I travel a lot and I do not leave home without it!
Bought it as a gift for someone that works at home, they love it. Very easy to setup, makes it easy for someone to listen to music (if you have an online service Pandora, Spotify etc). with out having to setup a Bluetooth connection to an external speaker. This makes it a joy for this person and she loves it. Lots of things you can do besides listen to music, set timers, ask questions: sports scores, weather, endless features and functions. Worth the money.
Not very fancy, but not slow. If you have Amazon Prime, you have a access to a great library of TV shows and Movies for free. Same goes for free book rentals. The Amazon App store is not so great, lots of apps are outdated but still work. Just not the latest versions you would expect. But the Amazon Underground appstore does offer free access to games you would normally pay for. It's decent for it's price and a good deal if you don't want anything fancy.
Take the time to read the instructions. Works great!
Coupled with Wink, this becomes an invaluable tool. I can't comment on audio quality as it's location is not ideal for sound. Voice recognition is the best I have used. Play CNN, Play x, Play y. It works very well. The Smart Home connection is really what I bought Echo for and it is fantastic. Make shopping list and see on your phone. Turn on x light or group of lights. Raise, lower thermostat. It all works very well. If you don't need audio quality, use DOTs. Echo is overkill for my use when DOTs are just as capable. With 6 DOT, 1 Echo and smart 42 devices connected, the home is very smart. Echo and DOTs make it happen. I still use Echo in one location since it was the first part of the system I bought. But now realize DOT would have been fine in that location as well. I recommend Echo if you want a better sound for listening to music, but if you are connecting to your current AV system or are not putting in a location where audio quality is not required, go DOT. Oh and DOTs sound quality is acceptable for communication type audio.
great value for the pricing...black friday special
Snagged it on sale for $39.95. Then got another discount from accumulated BB points. It's not HD, but I don't find that necessary on a small screen. I like the form factor, fits into coat or jacket pocket. Amazon app store lacks the number of apps of Google store but there are easy ways to install Google apps store. While you can use it for productivity tasks with a compatible keyboard I bought it for my wife to watch youtube and netflix shows on a bigger screen than her iphone. Its wireless signal pickup distance is a bit weak, but the ability to add storage via micro SD is nice. Even at $50 it is a good buy for what it is.
Amazon Fire tv is just an amazing addition to your tv. Even if you have a smart tv, the ability to add so many more apps than your smart tv platform provides is great. Very customizable. Love it!
Great price. Useful and what I was looking for. Couldn't get the updated version yet but loved how this one operates and looks.
Sound is better than I expected. Lots of fun.It is great for kids.
Very light weight reading device, touch screen is very responsive, not whole lot of lagging. You can adjust the backlights brightness with slide down from top. You can browse what you have on your kindle store or buy more books. Overall. Love it.!!
Great product to watch shows online. Only downside is that you can't stream/cast computer screens easily like a chrome cast can. Being able to talk into the app or remote makes it really easy to navigate the system to find things fast
For the price is the go to android tablet. And for a kid is the best first time tablet for sure
love t5o listen to my Echo, have to lear4n to talk to alexia so she can understand. grate for parties, just tell alexia what to play--and the party is on. no balky items to carry or to set up. just plug into a outlet, wait for the echo to warm up, after that, its ready to play.
bought this kindle for my grandson, he loves it and it very easy to use
If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet just for basic web surfing/shopping/etc., I don't know that you can get a better deal. However, that is about all you can do. We found out the hard way that the Fire (which we bought to replace a misplaced iPad, so maybe we were just spoiled) is pretty limited in terms of the Apps you can download. Forget about any Google based Apps and many of the standard apps that are generally available in the Android or Apple market place. I love Amazon itself and don't have any major issues with the product I got for the price I paid, I just won't be going the cheap route in the future. Hindsight being 20/20, I should have spent the money to just get a new iPad since that is what we were used to.
Very useful and reasonable priced merchandise also good for giving as a gift to a family member or friend.
Such fun. Always new ways to get information and have fun.
I already have one am sending it back
Great size, clarity and many many apps, games and books to keep the kids busy on those long car rides!
I love Alexa!!! Music, books, facts, games,christmas stories!!! Giving as gifts also!!!
I came in to purchase a different streaming device and the store associate recommended this one instead. Glad I decided to stop in the store instead of paying more for the other device online.
It works and streams very good, like the memory and it's still portable
The amazon worked fine and I am glad I purchased the item
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
It's a good product I'm buy one more and another one for my room
We purchase this for our son and he loves it. We are able to track his interaction online and he really loves it
This has a real loud sound, Alexa can turn off your light or play some music from your phone!
I bought this as gift for daughter and son-in-law. It was easy to set up and has worked perfectly. It's been a lot of fun so I'm going to get one for myself!
My son picked this device for reading books and accessing kids apps mostly due to the excellent price and user friendliness. I like the parental controls and how it lets me set a daily time limit. Great value!
Kindle GUI interface works like my Android!! Fast and friendly!! Thank you Best Buy!!! Keep the hits coming!!
Wow I was missing out on all the fun and convenient application this little thing can do. I thought oh like a toy and Ill get tired of it, wrong. I now have lights set to it, drop in on friends, ask any question I need answers to, get step by step recipes, just a thousand things, to many to list. Get yourself one, its awesome!
a great tablet for the price, i love now that the amazon fire tablet has a micro sd slot. lightweight, connect to net easy,
This tablet does a great deal! From surfing the net, to watching movie, and using all of the music channels, this is an affordable way to stay in touch. Also, I use it for ebooks for school.
Simple to use, works very well, and at an unbeatable value for price.
L8ght weight. Easy menu to use. Very easy for eldery mother to use
This is a great tablet for streaming Netflix, Hulu, and Sling TV. It doesnt do so well for exploring the internet as it seems to be slow to load compared to other tablets. The limited memory is more than sufficient to download several movies and shows for long car rides. The battery life is also impressive.
Light, portable and great features. Highly recommended.
good price for the product. I purchased for my middle school son.
Great screen resolution and easy to use. Battery life is really good.
I bought this for my wife when she lost her kindle on vacation. Easy to set up and start using. Amazon customer service is also excellent!
Easy to read at the beach or in bed love my kindle
I enjoy reading with my Kindle Fire. That is the reason I purchased it. Because I do not have Wi-Fi my use is limited.
I bought the first kindle years ago for my sister. When my oldest turned 1, he wouldn't leave her kindle alone. We decided to buy him one & he has had it ever since. The learning apps such as the counting ones, ones about learning shapes, and learning his ABCs, assists in his advancement in his schooling. We all have a kindle in the house, to include my 3 year old (this is his first year with one). Love it!
Very handy
I am still learning how to using it. I use it for Facebook, e-mails,play games on Facebook, eventually I want to be able to use the camera which I haven' t figured out yet. Once do I will be doing a lot of picture taking!☺
The music is great. Phil cannot read or write but loves music.
Does not do as much as expected. Has a hard time finding information. Has to have extra things to work well I.e. Monthly fee
This is a grate product and the price very fare just so happy with my Kindle!
Compact, Fast, Reliable .... Very GoodI am not a casual user of on-demand content and devices. Having tried smart tv's from 3 brands, smart dvd/bluray players, Apple TV, WDTV, HTPC, Chromecast and too many other competing products to mention--for streaming content, before this box you really had two options (for a simple to use box that doesn't require additional items or tweaking):
can't imagine being without a kindle now that I have had one. Sure beats carrying around books that don't easily fit into a purse!
I would tell everyone ik to get this. U can format it however u like to. Very easy to understand.
The backlight helps for reading in the dark and in the sun. Easy to use and great battery life
Great product and service at best buy great to help me purchase
Through all of my research this was the best value for what I was looking for in an e-reader with additional options I was not sure I would use or not. Turns I do because of the ease of usage.
i got the amazon fire tab on black friday. i was very satisfied with how it function and operate speed and quilty for the price they gave it for one day. i had two laptop stolen and can't afford t buy new one . so i got this tab. to keep in touch photos for eBay and other. the only thing that i did not like was that i could not download google apps only amazon..
Amazon did it on this one. I love my Echo, from checking the weather to asking random questions. I plugged mine up at the store and played with it for 30 mins with other customers and employees. This thing is a must.
reception and wi fi interface is outstanding much better than roku
This Kindle is larger than my old one and book reading is much easier. Some features I don't use so can't comment on them. All in all I love it.The only drawback was that the store had no covers that fit this Kindle.
This a 4k amazon fire for 4k TVs. The image is just fantastic!
Its a good product and also you can be monitoring what can your kids see
Pretty good tablet not great but still solid for the price
I like it and it serves it's purpose. I use it mainly to read my e-books and surf the net so it's great especially for the price! :)
It's a pretty good product. Took a little getting use to navigate
My Google Nexus suddenly died with 5 blinks of death so I got this for temporary tablet. Nice to have micro SD slot. Can't find some of my needed apps yet like my BANK. Maybe it's me.It has Single speaker but if I want nice sound I'll use headphones.Maybe a touch dimmer than the Nexus.It fits my old Bluetooth keyboard so I'm good.
I have way more buffering with this device than I do with my Apple TV 4 gen. It works just not well. I have a glitch with this unit every time I use it. That indeed takes away from the user experience.
This thing is amazing. The possibilities are endless.
great product at a great price.i like the builtin filter which is easy on youreyes.probably the best reader under 100 dollars.
This is almost as good as my iPad mini. i love my apple iPad however this is a great backup.
I Love The Sound, The Sleekness, And Help With Questions, The Music She Plays While Im In The Kitchen Cooking.No More CD,S, Or Tapes. I Have Her Sister The Dot In Another Room, I Use Her For An Alarm Clock.I Think Every One Should Have One.;).
I or a family member have owned every version of the Kindle since it came out. This version has finally taken all of the best elements of the previous Kindles and combined them into one unit. It is small and light, has both touch screen and button functionality (depending on which you prefer - I'm a fan of the buttons), and an excellent back-light. Kindle battery life has always been excellent, and is no different here. I use my Kindle daily, often for at least an hour at a time. The only downside is that I'm not sure what other features Amazon could add to improve this version, other than perhaps making it lighter weight. By far the best e-reader out there, and a worthy upgrade from a previous version
Bought this for my dad. He absolutely loves it. It's easy to set up and very user friendly.
Bought this as a mothers day gift for mother in law she loves it
Capable to run games just as spected and very handly
I bought this for my grandson n a adult friend n they both enjoyed it. Great buy.
You can't beat the price. Perfect tablet for a child.
This is one neat little tablet. Can be used to surf net or read. I use it for both. Light and comfortable to use.
I love my original Kindle Fire but the size and features on the latest Kindle are a plus
I've never really liked Kindle's for some reason or another. This one looked and felt really nice. I knew that I would love it as soon as I got it out of the box. It has a very premium feel and is a great substitute for a book.
Just the right size for travel and resolution is amazing.
Can't beat this tablet for the price. Great for reading and basic games. Perfect second tablet for taking places without worrying about all the things that can happen to your more expensive tablet.
Dear readers, if you have a 4K tv and want to purchase a device that can provide prodigious streaming entertainment quality then purchase this device now!!! It also has double the cpu speed (quad-cord) and GPU performance than the cheaper Amazon Fire Tv Stick model. However, if you don't have a 4K tv, then I advise you do not get this device, because you won't be getting your whole money's worth.
This Amazon Fire TV controller was a cinch to sync up with my TV. Kids love to use it to play games. I love it to surf around all the available content. Get this controller!!
This is a great product. I downloaded tv apps like directv, HBO go, tnt, ESPN, etc. then I take it where ever I go, as long as I can get wifi, I won't miss a show or a movie. Fire stick is a little more travel friendly but this is faster between clicking on screens and had more internal memory (with option to add sdhc card)
This is my first e reader. I did ttry my friends papperwhite but voyage is the best of the e reader world. The screen is awesome. I read a lot at night before I sleep and I use to read in my mobile which after sometime feels like my eyes are burning. But with voyage I can read as much time I want. No strain no burning sensation in my eyes. Compared to the papperwhite the screen looks better. Feels like I am actually reading a paper book.
This is a great tablet for the money. It gets 4 stars because there are some things that could be better. The tablet has some lag to it at times while trying to perform some operations. However reading books or watching videos is great once the connection establishes. If you understand that it's not gonna act like a more expensive feature filled tablet this is great.
Amazon Fire tablet is one of a kind!! Very easy to use and adaptable to fit all needs!
This was a gift for a family I adopted. It was a great gift and they loved it!
asesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great item, this is very useful and it is hard to come by.
If you want an easy way to read a book or check out social media then this item at around $50 is a steal!
It was the cheapest tablet, but still very useful considering it was for my toddler. Wanted something that I could play child shows from youtube and some learning games from apps. Wish there were more apps for him, but I'm sure with time Amazon will have a few more I'd like to see just as Apple does. When not in use, from time to time it works great for the needs I may have if I want a bigger screen than my iPhone or don't feel like booting up a laptop. The only downfall is that when it's locked, it displays ads for games. I found out this is due to keeping the price so low for the tablet.
I was impressed how clear the words on the screen are!
Really a nice item ..works wonderfully ..for the cost it's a bargain
A no frills budget tablet. Although it can do some light gaming, I would not recommend it for that, Its best at watching video, browsing the web and reading,
Easy for kids to use. Keeps them entertained for hours. Love it!
The only thing is that Amazon has their own app store and you can not transfer unless you are really tech savvy
I bought this as a gift for a friend with a small child. The low cost of the tablet and general sturdiness of it made it ideal for her little one to play with and be entertained with the children's apps. Good tablet for day to day use.
Great item for a fraction of the price of an ipdad
Same as other tablet just has blue back witch i have not seen before in colors works really good
I bought this tablet because it was a cheap alternative to use it on roadtrips and watch movies. It also is perfect for the kids to play with it without worrying to much if they break it.
A great piece of technology. A wonderful convenience that helps make you day better.
Great product works great easy to hookup sounds awesome
I purchased it to see if the stream speed would be quicker than my Amazon Firestick but was disappointed.The stream speed is at the mercy of your internet provider.The processing speed is faster than the Firestick but in the end it has the same memory as the Firestick.For the price, the Amazon Firestick is better if all you do is stream... It might be a good fit for gamers.
The price was low, but the ads are really annoying to me. The tablet is good, works well. Doesn't seem to be able to use apps from Google Play store which was a surprise and disappointment to me. All in all, I would've chosen another android tablet.
Can't believe how much fun we have had with our new echo. Love all the music we can listen too so quickly.
Purchased to have portable Alexa. Nice tablet for the money and recommend it.
Problem is battery life. Seems short compared to earlier models.
I was resistant to buying an Amazon Fire because I thought my smart TV and cable box were doing a great job. However now that I've tried it, I'm planning to add one to the other 4 tv's in the house. It's seamless and so fast, and the ability to just talk to the remote instead of typing is AWESOME! We constantly use it now for streaming Amazon, Netflix, HBO, YouTube, and more. Seriously thinking about cutting cable TV out of our budget altogether.
In terms of mid-tier streaming devices, (Apple TV, Roku, etc.), I think the Amazon Fire TV is by far the best. The interface is neat and well designed, and the product has the most recent technology to allow for fast streaming over lower-tier streaming devices like the Chromecast or Fire Stick. In addition, I think the Amazon streaming devices offer better features for Prime members than what other devices can offer.
I just love the size of the kindle and it's easy to take on the go. Perfect reading for outdoors on the deck around the pool.
Purchased for toddler to watch movies and stuff. He loves the apps that are available.
LOVE IT!! Easy to use and can get rid of my cable bill
The table is great she use it to plsy games, read books and watch youtube.
Very good access to multiple venues. Cheap and easy to use.
An amazing piece of equipments! Does many entertaining things.
My nephew likes the 'large' size of the Fire tablet as it's significantly larger than his phone.
I bought this to add voice control to my Smart Things lights and other devices. It was easy to integrate and works very well. Also purchased an Echo Dot for coverage in a second room.Only slightly disappointed that the assistant is not as smart as the Google app on my phone. Still pretty good though.
Nice inexpensive tablet for my grandson to learn on and play games.
I got this so my son would have something to watch movies on while on a long car trip. It does that, barely. The $50 I spent for it was worth it. If you get an SD card for it you can load and watch movies. The Wi-Fi sucks and it sometimes doesn't stream movies from Netflix. Forget about YouTube.
Nice option for an E reader. Bought mine on sale so couldn't beat the price. Not a high end tablet but does the job.
It contains too many adds that cant be removed including the lock screen its not worth the money
It is a reliable easy to use tablet. Holds charge well and provides for my needs.
I absolutely love the parental controls on this device. You can even set a time limit on how long they can use it.
Perfect for what I want to use it for. Nice size too
very handy, should be included with the kindle.
A greatest Gift to me. Wow ! It is a masterr piece.
Kindle paperwhite reader is great. Easy way to buy books.
Light and easy to use. Like its feature of back light, by which eyes did not feel sour even with long time of reading.
This my 2nd Kindle. I am so happy with it. The price was right and I could not resist buying another.
It is very simple to start up and use. Great for all ages and experience on using tablets.
I can't imagine a day without my Fire reader. I absolutely love it and it's so light and easy to carry with me, it is a big part of my day and night. It's so easy to use and download books, and magazines, and even movies. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
This fire tablet has long battery life. Reasonable fast
Grandson loves his tablet can't put it down play's games,watches his videos.
Cant believe a solid tablet for 34 buck. works great with amazon prime
Never thought I could give up a real book! The lightweight easy reading on the beach does it! I'm a believer
I like the Amazon Fire TV. It was easy to set up and begin using. We used a friend to help us load the various sites we were interested in, but I have since added some on my own and the set up was not difficult. I also own a Roku connected to another television but I prefer the Amazon Fire TV as it is easier to use.
I like the tablet but, I don't like all the ads...
We are wanting to automate our home and purchasing Alexa(Echo) was the first piece to this pie. We do not have any true automation components yet, but I have been using this to listen to music while getting my house decorated for Christmas. It is sooooo easy to use and it understands requests on the first try. I love Alexa and cannot wait to get a few more products to "teach Alexa new skills".
I really like the way my account gets point for how cool the purchase was!
So Alexa is pretty awesome. I have Sirius XM and can stream Howard Stern while working at home. She can set my Sensi thermostat, tell me the weather, news and much more that is updated daily.Will enjoy the features for a long time.
I bought this one for my wife for Mother's Day and she just loves it. I have had the same for a couple of years and always enjoyed it, and she was borrowing it all the time to read out in the backyard. Now I solved the problem by buying her one of her own. We're both happy.
For the money you just can't beat this little tablet!! I have used it quite heavily! I used it during a trip I took and had to rely on it while my computer was in the shop for over a week and it has performed beautifully!! I would recommend this product to anyone!!
I AM ALWAYS FASCINATED BY THE VOICE COMMAND AND NEW APPS FOR THE ALEXA CONTROL. IT HAS SHOWN MAX ENJOYMENT WITH QUALITY OF SOUNDS AND EASE OF USE.
She loves the size and how easy it is to learn. I only wish they had more options for cases.
I really enjoyed this purchase,will by this product again
I found this product let me let go of cable tv and saved me tons of money, since I am on limited income i had to let cable go I kept my High speed internet and use my Fire to watch movies and save Tons of money.
Love everything only negative is the ads. My 9 year old daughter has claimed it as her own and operates easily.
Enjoy portability of this product. Great price too.
Good product with great value. Recommend this to all.
I enjoy this tablet is very easy to use. The only issue that I do have about this tablet is it does not come pre-loaded with Google. I just had to go to YouTube to find a video on how to install Google onto this device.
Got one for my 4yr old. She loves it. It's very durable. I love that I can switch accounts and use it for myself too.
Bought for our toddler so our kids wouldn't fight over my oldest daughters. They love them.
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it! I love the free time app.
Bought this for my father and he loves it easy to use
Can't find a better tablet for the price, Apple should take a page from the Amazon book
Still to new to review but have high hopes for it.
Good product with best price available in the market place
I like what you get for the price. But it is a little tricky for my kids to figure out so I do have to help them a lot.
This was a great buy for me. You can watch many movies and tv shows for free
......................................................
I have to remember Alexa is not Google, but she does know a lot and can tell you a joke if you ask her. I use her for timers (working out), alarm clock, and to tell me the weather on a daily bases. The 360 degree speaker sound is a plus as well when I'm streaming Pandora!
It does the job for me. Its small and portable. Keep it in air plane mode with the wifi for longer battery life.
Great for the price. Easy to navigate. Kids love the games I put on it.
Plan to use the KIndle Paperwhite on a cruise so very important that we could use it in the sun.
Can't complain for the price of it on sale it does what it should at the speed that is appropriate,
This tablet is actually really fast. The screen quality is also good.
Great little tablet for a great price. I keep it at work for listening to music or some lunchtime reading.
The Amazon Echo is my new BFF! I use it right now primarily for my shopping list. I say " Alexa, put eggs on my shopping list." And Alexa says back "I've added eggs to your shopping list." Then when I get to the grocery store, I open the app on my phone and there is my shopping list! No more forgetting what I needed to buy. I'm looking forward to learning more things that Alexa can do! I have played my Pandora music on the Echo, asked Alexa to tell me a joke, and checked the weather. She can do so much more.
Much better interface than Roku, love the 4K features
i really love this product because it lets me read books and surf the net
This unit is great. It has everything that I need in it plus more. It's fast and responsive with great voice recognition. The UHD content is awesome.
knowledgeable- courtesy- out of way helpful-professional
It's the echo. Performs as expected. No issues, does what it says. If you want to have a better relationship with Alexa, u can chat one on one.
Love this tablet easy to use and extremely affordable
still playing with it, figuring out what I can & can't do. I love the tangerine color I got. One thing for sure, some apps I have on my phone like redbox & instagram they are not in the amazon app store so I can't put them on the tablet. Wish I could.
My 6 and 4 year old boys love it and so do the parents
Have a lot of fun with this. Listen to music, get the daily weather report and the news. Still learning how to use different things on it.
It's 35-50 bucks, there is no better tablet for that price range, toss in prime and it's even better!
I really love the new shape and size of the kindle HD. My daughter uses it and can control it great.
It gets a lot of use since bought, my eyes will not hurt as much as using an ipad.
We were so excited to get the tap since it was a larger speaker than the dot and unlike the echo has a battery charger with it to make it portable. We already have an echo which works perfectly in our home. When listening to online radio on the tap it cut in and out constantly. We returned it and exchanged gor the dot.
I find that this is the perfect size for reading. Great price point.
My girlfriend and I purchased this for her nephew and he absolutely loves it. He is able to play his games on it and his Mom is able to read books to him before bed. Great product for any age.
My daughter is 6 and she plays with everyday and my son had one last year good quality
When I purchased it, I was skeptical about the voice recognition. but Echo is great. This product will be a break thru for lot of other home automatons to come in the future. must try.
I tried giving this a chance being that I'm an Amazon Prime member but in comparison to my 4th generation Apple TV, it falls way short. I really just wish Amazon would develop the app for tvOS.
Great price for the product you receive. Great way to cut cable bill.
I feel giving a kindle to kids is better than losing an iPad
This is a good tab for the price not a big issue if you break it.
Was a gift. The receiver really enjoys it and was an upgrade from her previous kindle
Fastest product I have ever used highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a lag free experience
thanks for an excellent transaction
Bought this item for my 1 yr old and at first would not pay attention to it since he loves to run around. But when we are out its a good tablet for a kid and very durable since kids tend to drop toys. We use it to watch movies and even kid educational apps. It's a good buy for the price and to entertain the kids. Video quality is very good.
Purchased tablet for 4 year old twin grandchildren. Also purchased the protective cover. Absolutely love it.
Bought this reader for a present for my mom. She loves it. Able to take her book with her in a smaller form loves how it looks like paper pages. Easy to order a new book.
I LIKE IT BUT WHAT I DONT LIKE ARE THE ADS THAT HIDE AS SCREEN SAVERS. INTRUSIVE.
This is a good product but the one I bought stops working after three or four typed sentences and the Geek Squad guy told me when I brought it back that I had to go into settings and clear the data when it does that. WRONG ANSWER. That should never have to be done. He had no idea what he was doing and North Haven Best Buy didn't offer to fix or replace my Kindle. This is the third product I have had to go back and either return or exchange because it wasn't working properly or at all. One manager tried to excuse the store by asking me if I understand Best Buy doesn't actually manufacture these products. If that is the best they can do to explain why they, as the Point of Sale, keep selling defective products, the North Haven store has a big problem.
I purchased one few months ago and this is my second one to put in another room, just ask the questions and get the answers , play music , or control other home connected devices . Very amazing.
i love diz one cheap&best price last year purchase this product
Great starter to running the whole house with wifi. Client loved the gift!
Great starter tablets. Got these for my grandsons. They love them
I bought this tablet because it was very inexpensive and the right size and fit for my daughter...
Good product. It is easy to use and it organized item very good.
For the price, its really a nice little device....
I really like the Echo, but it does take a long while to set it up. Also, to utilize it fully, you have to sign up for premium services for music, etc.
This is a good tablet at a great price. Love it!!!
For what it's worth, it does what it needs to do!!
Use it mainly when I'm not on my Apple TV . The Amazon fire tv is much better than the fire stick because it doesn't heat up .
This is a nice budget tablet especially as a starter tablet.
Good product for the beginner in the tablet arena without spending a fortune, or paying for a name you don't know..
From the time when the kindles came out I was not so sure on how well they would work, well this one is a good companion for students and to keep you entertained.
I bought this for my 6yr-old & am impressed w/the 1yr subscription to free-time that was included, and the additional 2yr manufacturer warranty. The actual tablet is very easy for my daughter to use, and am very happy for the parental options. Also think included apps are helpful. Really like the additional user options, so anyone can have their separate preferences set up. The reason I didn't give 5 stars is because since purchasing the charging area on the tablet doesn't hold the cord at all and is always constantly falling out which is extremely frustrating!
What I really like about the Kindle Paperwhite is being able to read in full sunlight/ambient light, and also the sole dedication to reading. I'm not tempted in the middle of a book to jump over to Twitter, Facebook, etc.
I bought this for my 71 year old mother and it's great for someone who doesn't do electronics well. I would highly recommend it for books but there is not a lot of storage so be prepared to buy an SD card.
I bought this for Christmas and my 10 year old loves it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was a breeze to set up, a life changer in some aspects from being control lights, temperature, music via voice commands..
I prefer this kindle to the first one I purchased. I like that it's similar to a computer and I can see the colors and it's not monochromatic. its lightweight which is great also.
Fun Entertaining, good news updates. some draw backs is that it is not as smart google or Siri. Can only connect google calendar not IOS, at least I haven't found a way yet. Gives traffic reports. Plays music. Can wait to see how this. Product grows. Now I need to get some home automation going to try out other functions
This is a great device being utilized by my 5 year old for interactive learning activities. Don't have anything wrong to say about this. This is a great buy.
Great system gives great Television alternatives for people of all kinds
Super durable hardware that has endless features. From streaming to playing games. this thing is awesome
Bought this for a friends as a housewarming gift, and it was hit! My friend was able to set it up in minutes and was thrilled about it.
I am happy so far with this tablet. It offers great protection for use with kids but is a little pricey for the lackluster performance. Great for kids.
I like to watch movies on it. But it doesn't see to connect correctly to WiFi.
My kid love it, especially the sd card slot.Tgey can watch there favorite movies on the microsd.
I initially purchased this Echo in order to be able to complete a verb al shopping list. I did not see myself using any of the other features. Well , I was wrong. I love this! I use it to make my shopping list, set timers for cooking, get a weather report, get traffic conditions, get a news update and with a Wemo plug to turn the lights off and on. I love it and I am going to purchase Echo Dots to place throughout my home and use with this Amazon Echo.
I love my new paperwhite. I had previously had a generation 1 and a generation 2 kindle. This is a tremendous step up. I usually use my kindles for reading on the beach. I love that it is small and fits in my beachbag or purse. I like the back light on it also. If I had to make one constructive criticism I would have liked the page turning to be more like turning the page on a book like the kindle app on my phone works. Occasionally, if I don't hit the page turn in the right spot I get other "stuff" that shows up. Not a huge deal but I would like it to be more intuitive in that regard.
Purchased my first Echo and love it. It seems 'smarter' than other AI systems. Even my wife enjoys Alexa.
After much consideration, we purchased Alexa. Amazing sound and love the new features that are added regulating.
Perfect fit for what i was needing. Might get another soon.
Very happy with my purchase!! I bought this for my Mom and it was easy for her to navigate and she was able to easily download books and games.
The Kindle Voyage is the first new model that I finally felt was good enough to replace my Kindle4NT (non-touch with side buttons). The original 4T and paperwhite models worked poorly for me, and lacked buttons. The pressure sensitive edges of the Voyage work great, and the touch screen functions work better in this model.Voyage is still at least $50 overpriced, but I ultimately worth the money if moving off an older button-style Kindle.
Nice size to work with, not too big or too small to carry with you
I love it. Alexa she does everything I need it plays music
Good size for my toddler and resolution is very good.
The echo is truly awesome. Alexa is a blast and can answer and do just about anything you ask. The entire family loves it. Weather, sports scores, latest news and ordering pizza. Truly awesome.
Own a firestick and didn't like the lag so I bought the fire tv. Problem solved. Super smooth. Fast. Responsive.
Very kid friendly especially for toddlers and easy to use.
love the light, this tablet is great, if u just want to read
Like the function as a Prime member - easy access to prime movies, books, etc.Its a tad slow - and every time you turn it on or unlock theres an Ad. Oh well
Great response and quick navigation on this device make it a pleasure to use. Software updates frequently keeping your device up to date. Fire tv is extremely user friendly with a nice layout.
Great, I can watch anything I want with hd quality
Purchased as a gift to my wife. She loves the tablet. Easy blue tooth attachment to sound bar. Good solid construction. Great for so many uses. Paying bills balancing check book. Writing and reading. Nice compact size. Replace bulky home computer and laptops. So many uses.
I bought the Tap to integrate with the Echo. It is ideal for my husbands office where he can use it on his desktop in easy reach for music or to contact Alexa. The wireless feature is great but having sound activation would make this product perfect!
It's really fast and has all of the apps that I need
I had been using a Kindle Fire HD for a couple of years, but over time found I was mainly using it for reading. I had been considering switching to a pure ereader for a while, but was not convinced until I saw some specs on the Voyage. I ordered it right away and have been very happy with it.
We purchased this for our 5 & 4 yr olds. It is something to help with learning to read and write.The big downfall is that even the "free" apps require you to purchase add-ons to unlock more of the app.
Perfect for my 9-yr old....small enough to tuck into a bag easily & very easy to use...perfect price point for no worries & has been great!!
Its awesome to be able to set certain features to ensure that the child user gets work done prior to free play.
Old Kindle first edition broke so I purchased this Kindle. Great product! New and improved. Super lightweight and love the background light.
Performs as expected. Appreciate the posting of new skills.
I love this tablet. One of the best out there on the market.
This device does it all! Connect it to everything and even the kids have fun with it.
Wonderful product!! User friendly and if help is needed, online support is available.
This is awesome and I love it. I would definitely recommend it to friends and family
I thought it would be a hassle to set up. It was easy. I thought it might feel creepy. I like her. I got it primarily for music. Know that if you purchase Amazon's Unlimited Music via Alexa, it's first month free, then 3.99 thereafter. You don't get that deal online. And you don't have to be a Prime member, which I find too expensive. I'm also thrilled that I can get my Pandora stations, which I think is not the case with Google's version. There are some things she doesn't understand but sometimes rewording helps. Several interesting skills to call upon. Fun. I like it.
I was not to knowledgeable about this product but knew I wanted to buy it. While I'm cooking a meal I just ask "Alexia, what is the current news". Then I get the the latest news for 10 minutes. Then I ask "Alexia, Pandora" and I'm singing to my favorite songs while my meal bakes. Wow, I just love the technology and still learning what I can do with Alexia.
Good product works as advertised use this to stream videos from my smart phone
Since my Kindle Paperwhite died, this new Voyage has been a good replacement.
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Great product
The granddaughter loves it and she can't put it down.
Washer great size, Customer service was great, the sales person very nice and helpful.
Love this tablet I got it for my two toddler sons and they love it as well
Its a great set up for kids, my daughter loves it and plays it all the time.
Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
This is the perfect tablet for basic use or if upgrading from the kids edition of the Amazon Fire. Much less expensive than an iPad and more durable if you have a tween who isn't always careful with their tech.
The voyage is a great e reader for the avid reader. It's not a tablet so don't expect features of an internet tablet. However the auto-adjust backlight feature & minimal flash between pages makes it ideal for readers. This version includes the vocabulary builder, which I find myself using a lot nowadays. However, I'm not sure why it's more expensive than the paperwhite. That's the one I actually wanted but my local store was out of stock. I thought it included the 3g so you can download even when away from wifi but it doesn't. So that's why I'm confused on the price difference. The overall feel of it is fine. Not a lot thinner than the original. I keep mine in a case and whenever it goes idle I have to take it out of the case just to press the power button, which is pretty inconvenient. Oh and it freezes when charging which made me extremely nervous the first time because I thought it was broken but I just held the power button for like ten seconds and it was fine... other than those very minor complaints,I love it. I find myself reading way more than watching tv these days so that's always a plus!
My child loves her tablet and I love it. It keeps her busy with learning games and books
40x better than a Roku box, easy setup, nice guide,
From web searches to Kindle Books this sleek device does it all.
It took the place of my Nook, so is taking quite a bit of adjusting.
Easy to set up and use. My entire family loves to ask Alexa questions. Speaker is great.
I purchase it for my wife, is very good, small and fast.
It was just what I was looking for. So far I have had no issues with it.
Really is just as good as the commercials make it out to be
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
This has the all speed and storage I needed for my first grader. The case is soft and light and I can tell it will protect the tablet really well. I really like the ease of getting to the kid-friendly apps and videos. Has easy to set up parental controls.
I got this after a buddy of mine asked for my help to set his up. I was impressed by it's voice recognition and speed indexing. My 4 and 7 year old run up to it and play all their favorite songs everytime they come to my office. Fantastic device, very well thought.
Love it! Alexa is Amazing! It is user friendly without touching the speaker.
cool gizmo, definitely a great gift for the person that has everything!
My kids get kind of lost when they use this product. It does have everything but is not as user-friendly as I hoped it would be.
This is awesome and very fun to have, even our grandkids request songs and they are 6 and 3
I bought this for my grand daughter when she comes over to visit. I set it up with her as the user, entered her age and name and now Amazon makes sure that she only accesses sites and content that are appropriate to her age. Simple to do and she loves the capabilities. I also bought and installed a 64gig SD card which gives this little tablet plenty of storage. For the price I think this tablet is best one out there. You can spend hundreds of dollars more for additional speed and capacity but when it comes to the basics this tablets does everything that most people will ever need at a fraction of the cost.
Got this for my 5 yr old grand child. She loves it
best money I ever spent for my grand child she just love it
Great at home but still trying to figure out what apps work not connected to wifi
It's simple to use and I've had no issues. Do need decent internet speed to stream live tv.
Gift suitable for an older person to spend time playing games. Visual size is reasonable.
I really didn't think I'd use the Echo nearly as much as I do. It's unbelievable!!! It's my go to for questions, weather, news, and the family even plays games on it !! The music is great... such big sound from such a small speaker. I need one for every room !!!
Great for everyday use! Price is right! Easy to setup & use!
Tablet gets the job done and is very affordable for those who cannot buy an iPad but it is laggy at times and overall cannot stand with an iPad.
Bought the tablet for my kids and they love it. I think it's prefect for them. It's a little bulky but perfect for them.
A great convience for a busy person when needing info and organization help
I love it my baby really enjoy it she love it I want to order more
The Fire TV as opposed to the stick allows you to watch HD with no issues whatsoever. It has the capacity to download all your favorite apps including Crossy Road. Definitely would recommend to a friend.
Got them on every TV in the house. Fast internet is all you need
I bought this for my wife and she can't put it down. Ordering books at your fingertips, and it holds a charge for a very long time. You can use it anywhere, in any lighting.
Great price! Got it for my kid for Christmas. He loves it! He plays games on it and streams Netflix with ease!
I bought this Fire for my son for primarily reading. Definitely not as good as the antiglare ones. If I were buying again for that purpose I would upgrade to the ones specifically for reading. As a tablet, it is a little difficult to navigate. It seems very cluttered. Does the job though.
My kids love these tablets, they can use these tablets for school and leisure. I can manage how much time they have to use their devices and can add additional accounts to each tablet and control each account separately. This was a great buy!
Can't beat the price a lot cheaper than other companies prices for a tablet and it works well
Great picture quality and very easy to operate. Got it for the granddaughter.
We ditched cable TV and went to Play Station Vue On a PS4. Two other TV's needed a way to watch Vue. Reviews said the Fire TV would do it, and it does it well. I agree with those who said "In some ways it does it better." There is a learning curve on the remote. For example, the upper right button gives you the Programing Guide icon with a quick press. After you have selected a 2nd program, that same button, with a longer press lets you jump back to Last program. Start up is a lot quicker than the PS4. If you also have Amazon Prime, the combination becomes a real bargain
Bought this for someone over 70 who likes to learn new things. Works great and keeps them on their toes for sure. It is fun and helpful, everyone ended up loving it.
Great way to get awesome content without having cable. HIGHLY recommended but not for beginners UNLESS you are good with YouTube.
Easy to use, clear and accurate and very entertaining.
Originally bought the fire stick, worked but not nearly as good as this. Worth the extra money.
The Kindle Fire is great for those that are looking for a tablet to use with WiFi and is even better for those that have Amazon Prime. Makes watching your favorite shows and listening to music very easy. Magazines look great as well.
Works whenever I want...learns my speech patterns and I can use it listen to music whenever I want
Follow the instruction on youtube and you can jailbreak this item to get access to movies still in theaters.
If you like digital music, this is for you! With all of the free music available from Amazon Prime, this is completely worth the price. The speaker is also impressive for its size. It has other cool features, but even if you only use it as a speaker with Amazon Prime, you will love it.
This is my second Kindle tablet and I couldn't be any happier. I primarily use my tablet to read comics, they have the best comic reader on any device to read your CBZ files (ComicCat). Now that you can upgrade and add extra memory the 50 price tag can't be beat by rival companies. Great for the kids. If they break it it's not as bad as breaking say an IPAD at a minimum of 300.00 dollars.
This was a huge hit with my seven-year-old grandson. I came in to replace a broken tablet and they were no longer available. So I chose this one and it's better than ever!
Makes life easier and allow you to save lot of time
Purchased for my 6 year old he loves it works great
I purchased Alexa since I have amazon prime. I decided I loved it so much, I bought 3 echo dots to put around my house. I love being able to talk to the air and have things turn on/off, order things on Amazon, play music, listen to the news. This device changed my life.
I enjoy using my amazon echo. I love how Alexa can turn off and on my lights lol
The Echo is a cool speaker and has some neat tricks if you're vested in the Amazon universe. I am not. It's still neat as a bluetooth speaker, but if it weren't on sale, I would not find as much utility for the price.
The fire tablet is a great tablet. I've purchased 2. The kids have shattered the screen on both and still work great!
Gift for our teens and they love it. No need for a bulky alarm radio any longer.
If you have Prime this is the device!! Love it. Get yourself one for sure. No prime maybe not so much
In process of comparing the Amazon Echo to the Google Home. So far the Echo has a leg up as it plays music that I get "free" from my Amazon Prime membership - would recommend this product to others
read the reviews, bought this tablet to replace an e-reader. Way more than I expected. Video was better than reviews stated, books load faster than my old one Still getting used to a new OS but I am very pleased
I "retired" an earlier version and this new souped up model more than meets my needs, and the battery lasts so much longer!!
I brought the particular item for my mother in law who is in her late 70s.This tablet is perfect her to play games, in large view and communicate with the grand kids.
Love it I bought it for my mother and father she is easy for them to use and they are in there 70s
I am a big fan of e-readers. I prefer the e-ink screens over tablet screen when reading books. I decided to pick up the new Kindle Voyage. Here are my thoughts.First, the Kindle is much sleeker and lighter than the Paperwhite model. It's very easy to hold for a long length of time without getting tired.Secondly, the addition of the page turn buttons is a welcomed addition. The buttons make it so easy to hold the Kindle with one hand and turn pages.Lastly the screen. I marked off a star because I had to return my first Voyage directly to Amazon because the top half of the screen had a yellow tint to it that was very distracting while reading. The replacement Kindle Voyage that I received had a perfect screen and the 300 ppi looks amazing. That being said, Amazon needs to really focus on quality control because I've read that the yellow tint on the screen is a common issue. If you're spending $200 for an e-reader, then the screen should be perfect. Especially since this is the 3rd generation of the lighted screens for the e-readers.If you're an avid reader, then the Kindle Voyage would be a worthy upgrade to make. If you're a casual reader who has a Paperwhite, you're probably okay with what you have.
I would recommend this product to anyone that is interested at this time.
Excellent choice for watching television and movies
I bought it for my nephew. The processor is quick. Good tablet for that price.
I replaced an older tablet with this new version, all of my e-books transferred to the new one and I love it.
Lots of pre installed apps, fast os, and rf remote
I like this reader. It is very easy to load books onto it, even from my local library. It's easy to adjust the font and size. It keeps track of your place in the book. You can choose what language you want the dictionary in which makes it great to read something in a foreign language. You can set it up so that when you select a word, it will give you the translation.
Love how easy it is to train. Very convenient to use.
This provides better sound than the built in Samsung TV sound but not as good as a full surround sound system. I liked the fact it had a digital audio connection to the TV and it comes with the cable.
There is no way to lock the font size and it changes if you touch the screen. I liked my paper white better but it died.
This was for my sister birthday. She really like it a lot.
Our family isn't from Ohio so when we travel back home we like to have something for the kids to do. I didn't want something super expensive because of course theyre 3 and 5 so not the most responsible. These worked perfectly fine for them.
So I got my Fire HD 8 originally for ebooks since e-copies are much cheaper. Very easy to use, especially if you are not tech friendly. So glad I got this.
This is a great tablet for the price! I bought it to replace my iPad mini. Great for ereading and general browsing.
This is my second Kindle. I love the smaller size. Much easier to navigate than the first one.
Like my tablet very much. Camera good to learn with.
Bought for my kids. They each have one and love them.
great tablet for kids but a lot of ads , for someone who wants a cheap tablet that more or less can do all stuff this is a good choice
I got this tablet for a 5 year old. It has been serving its purpose. I am please.
It is a great tablet. Both of my kids have one. Would buy another one.
... in confined spaces. The kids room does work fine
Awesome product! I use for all rooms in my house. Streams fast and it is very easy to use. I wish the remote was set up a little bigger. Overall it's a great product.
We have spotty radio reception so going through the internet is ideal. I could have done the same thing with a speaker for about the same price. However this is more versatile as I can send messages to others and make lists plus more features are being added all the time!!
Purchased this over the holidays and have enjoyed it since. The look and feel of a book is great.
I enjoy this product . I own 2 in addition to the fire sticks in the kids room.
I like the portability of it. I take it with me when I babysit my granddaughter.
Love all the shows with no commercials. Soon i will save more money by canceling cable TV.
Not a bad tablet but well worth the $$$. The battery is horrible tho after about a year or so worth of use. It drops off quite a bit and the USB charging port has issues.
I love this solutions for my kids. I gave it a four star rating because in order to install Apps you just have to tap the icon. Well my Two year old and five year old went tap crazy, like a Kangaroo on a Pogo stick. Needless to say the ran out of room quickly. I tried to teach them to not launch apps that weren't installed but they still have a problem discerning what is installed and what isn't. Aside from this, it is a fantastic device for kids to play and learn with. I especially like the parental control features. I just wish they would put in a feature for controlling what gets installed.
I love this tablet. It has great quality and functions just like an apple tablet yet you save hundreds. I love how it also connects to alexa dot. Apple doesn't have that.
The best device for a child in the market. Purchased for an infant and after two weeks, he is loving it. Easy to handle and durable.
I had an old Kindle and this product is a lot easier to hold. I like the feel of the screen when turning the pages it almost feels like real paper.
Overall the Echo is a fun product to own. We typically use it for listening to music, finding out about the weather forecast, or having her tell corny jokes. Eventually we'll start linking it to wifi thermostats, but that hasn't happened yet.
I picked up the tablet Black Friday, intending it as a gift for my daughter. I knew beforehand that it had a crippled Android OS. I also knew that it wouldn't be top of the line for the price paid. However, for a sub hundred dollar tablet it is pretty good... After a little tweaking ( custom ROM with a few kernel adjustments)
I am still learning all the things I can do with my new Kindle Fire. It is so much better (lighter in weight and easier to use) than my old tablet.
Does everything I need. Can watch movies and read books.
I researched and researched and researched streaming boxes from so many companies, including Roku, Apple TV, Chromecast, and other off brands. By far, the Amazon TV was the best option for flexibility and reliability. I currently have three boxes now for each of my TVs and run PlayStation Vue. I have cut my cable bill by almost $70 per month. Plus, I now have the flexibility of other movie apps, Amazon content, and much more. The switch to streaming TV took less than 30 minutes. What a great investment with a very quick return.
This is the greatest present I ever bought myself and worth every penny! She can bring a party to life or be your buddy and play games with you if your alone! Love Alexa!!!!!
Great cheap Netflix watching tool for the children
One of the best products on the market.its amazing how well the Echo works.The technology that its using is some of the best I've ever used only Siri is better. I lover everything about well worth the money a I give it five stars.
An easy way to read your favorite books!Whether you're in the sun or in the dark, this is the best Kindle ever.The only thing I don't like is the 'flash' when you turn the page.
I bought this for my son to use and he loves it!!!
I love to ask Alexa a daily joke, she can tell me the weather...the news...love her
I picked up this tablet primarily so my husband could access his favorite apps while at home without having to squint at a phone screen. Works great.
Purchased for daughter for school - meets all expectations.
She's a lot of fun to have around Amazon also has special deals that you can only order through Alexa.
I was in a Best Buy store when I saw the tablet on display with a sale tag indicating a price of $39.99. I bought it simply based on price. I have a desktop computer, two laptops, two iPads. In other words, I am computer poor. I use this tablet on airplanes to read books, access email, play games, confirm reservations. It is fast, highly portable and easy to use. The battery does last too long but that is not a problem. It is, after all, a $40 tablet. I bought several to give as gifts to nieces and nephews. It is a good computer for kids to use when learning.
Its a great tablet. Its our 4th one for family purchased.
Perfect for my four year old daughter w/ geek squad protection
my kids love the games and browsing the web, perfect for a gift.
This tablet has beautiful color graphics and is super thin. Easy to carry with you.
It took a bit for me to get used to the Kindle as I was used to reading the books on my phone with the Kindle app. I was a bit bummed with losing the color. I also dont like that it has no sound. Other than that it's a nice lightweight device with a good battery life. At first I thought it was defective because it froze up the first time I plugged in the usb. It actually stayed frozen for a couple days before it finally started working again.
The best kindle fire ever, love how quickly the apps run, being able to watch movies, listen to music, etc. on it
replaced a lost one with this, nice upgrade to the older version
I bought this tablet for my children, I love it for its parental control settings as well as how fast it is. The volume is louder than many other tablets I have handled, which makes it great for watching videos or game play. I would definitely recommend this product and would purchase it again
I purchased this as a gift but was told by the person that I gave it to that they loved it!
Bought this as a Christmas gift. My daughter loves it. She specifically likes the screen lighting.
Love, love love it! Great for turning your tv into a smart tv!
My dad is a first time user for anything techie he has really enjoyed it.
my kids get a lot of use out of their tablets. however, I wish the battery life was better.
My daughters love it it is probably one of the best tablets ive ever bought
Saw it at my friend's house and thought it would be fun to have it. Looking forward to more added function in the future. I enjoy talking to Alexa every morning and evening after I get home. Now I play Spotify music and I Heart Radio through it and the speaker works great! Enjoy this new toy!
You couldn't ask for a better value. Does everything you'll ever need from a tablet and it is not some cheap knock off brand. Real deal for under fifty bucks? Can't beat it!
I'm use to android so this was hard for me but I returned it and got something andriod
great little tablet for price, great if have amazon prime
Easy to use, good battery time. Would recommend for anyone.
Was looking for a nice size tablet when a great price..so far they love the tablet
This Tablet does absolutely everything I want! I can watch TV Shows or Movies, check my Mail, Facebook, Google.......pay all my bills. It processes fast and has a beautiful screen. As I said: Everything I want in a Tablet for less than $100!
This is a better option then the fire stick for your main Tv. The fire sticks are good for bedrooms but the fire TV has 4k and is much faster. I like that it can be wired to get the max speed from my internet.
Great choice for amazon prime members that want optimum flexibility and resolution
I'm hooked! I bought this for my daughter for her to get books easier, she is home schooled, but now i need to get one too! We both love to read and it is so easy to set it down and come right back to where we left off!!
I received the Dot for Christmas and loved it! So when I had the Best Buy dollars, I splurged and bought the Echo! Now I have the Dot in my bedroom and the Echo in family room for fun!
This new kindle is smaller than the large one I had. It is made for easy reading. Definitely very happy with this updated version
This is my first fire. I am enjoying the apps. It was easy to set up. The instructions are clear and easy to understand. I will recommend this product to others.
Very easy to set up and use.Good little box. Great picture quality.
Its a great ereader but a little pricy. It has the same specs as the Voyage as far as pixels and procesor, which costs less. The only difference between this and the Voyage, is that it's much lighter, it's brighter (LEDs), and a longer battery life if you're using the cover. I've noticed the battery life drains much faster without the cover, but you'll still be able to read for hours without it. You would think it be water resistant, hence the name but it isn't. But then I don't plan on reading when it's raining or outside or while taking a bath. Overall, it's the best ereader Amazon currently has to offer but if you don't mind the price tag and want the best, then go for it! Voyage is still not a bad option though
This a great tablet for the price. Compared to other tablets that are twice as expensive, this one is far better for the money.
Wife love it, reads a lot and this is her go to reader.
This Echo device is so handy. You can also program it to turn lights on and off in the house if you buy the extra accessories for it. You can play music, order take out , ask it questions. It is really endless what you can do with it.
I WAS NEVER ABLE TO GET IT TO SEND PLAY MUSIC FROM MY IPHONE APP. IT WOULD ONLY PLAY SAMPLES OF MUSIC FROM AMAZON.
I bought it as the display for my Echo. Turning on Voicecast routes information to the tablet with the voice reaponse. It'S been exactly what I hoped it would be and the price was right.
Good to have for your at home entertainment. It has every app known to man.
I gifted this product to my brother, he liked it a lot.Better Battery life and light to read in night is really useful.
I am enjoying my Kindle Fire 8 GB eReader Tablet. It has a good download speed when connected to wi-fi, and the touch screen is responsive. The only drawback is its inability to hold a charge for very long.
good for the price, speaker works ok. better with headphones
I bought when this was on sale. Good investment!!!
The Kindle is amazing. This is my second one. The price was misleading however as I had to pay something like another extra 30 bucks to get rid of the ads. Just know that
Love my firetv box... who needs cable. Even better then the stick!
The clarity of any audio coming out of the Amazon Echo is truly incredible. I bought one because a friend of mine let me barrow his before I got Lasik surgery. I needed stories to keep myself busy and from going crazy. She has different "skills" she can learn and provide, that is if you remember the command for said skill. Great for news, quick weather updates on your area, etc. Fantastic product.
Bought online. BLack Friday and had options on colors. Avoided hassles in store and had prompt delivery.
This is my first experience to use Amazon Tablet.This very useful in your life.You can use Android Market and Amazon Market too.I recommend this one. Cheap and convenient.
Its a nice tablet however it could be better but you get what you pay for
I got this gift for the wife for a starter tablet and she loves it!
The best working tablet under $50 I have ever used.
The cost was great and the features are just enough for my 9 year old daughter. I'm glad I did not get the iPad. this was a great step up from the LeapPad
Fast response, voice commands are ok but not always accurate. Highly recommend.
Great product..i would recommend.. have no complaints
Love the Kindle Fire. Was a previous Nook user. This is so much better and am so much more happier with it.
I purchased this versus the regular FireStick because I have a 4K TV and I must say, the quality is amazing even after applying KODI. I love this product
Worked as expected.
Love it, it's almost perfect. Still needs some work on learning, but that will come with time. Right now it's a novelty, but who knows what's to come.
Awesome plus made it better by buying the battery!
its great, i hooked my amazon prime up to it, that is the best
Got this as a gift for my bookworm wife and she loves it. Typically she likes physical copies but the kindle is a space saver
Haven't had time to play with it but am enjoying the music and some of the quizzes we played during a party
This is not as cheap feeling as I thought it was going to be. It's definitely not in the iPad class but it's not bad for what it is. I ordered online and did not have one in my hands until mine arrived. Pros: The screen is decent, sound is loud enough for me, no lag scrolling and Real Racing 3 plays smoothly. Cons: The major down side is battery charging time, battery life and built in storage space. When it arrived, it was showing 76% remaining. After less than 2.5 hours use, it had to be charged. I just read where it can take 6 hours or longer to charge. My iPad Air 2 can fully charge in a few hours from 0%. Built in storage is not enough. Yes you can get micro SD cards however some apps will only install on the built in storage. Also, you can not delete Amazon apps without voiding the warranty. And unless I'm missing something, you can't move them either.So if you are looking for something to use casually for web surfing, email, watching movies, reading books and the occasional game, this should be just fine...keeping in mind the battery life and lack of built in storage. But you won't be doing any serious work on this like you can on the iPad's. But to be fair, this is 1/10 the price of my iPad Air 2 and 1/8 the cost of an iPad Mini 4. But I don't believe it's meant to be a direct iPad competitor. Because if it were, it would fail miserably.
Item is a replacement for one that was starting to go back. It works fine.
I had purchased the fire stick,but then decided to upgrade to the fire TV for more memory space and faster wifi.
This is a very convenient tool for me to read books, now it saves me a lot of storage of books
I got this tablet for my 2 year old after her previous tablet cracked when she dropped it, and wasn't too impressed with it. I had to wait about 3 weeks for the Wifi to be setup at home, and found out it was way too reliant on the internet for most things to work. After inserting the SD card from her other tablet I was hoping it'd be easy to view videos, pictures, and music and had such a hard time figuring it out. It took a long time for the videos and pictures to show up because I wasn't connected to Wifi, and it didn't recognize any music files. Once I did connect it, it was annoying to see that ads were displayed on the Lock Screen. Overall it's a good tablet, but I just didn't like all the apps that are installed and rely on Amazon's paid services.
This fire box is the best you can get for a cheap price. It runs surprising well and so far have had no issues with wifi streaming Hulu, Amazon Prime, and Netflix. Definitely even worth more if you have Prime for the streaming from Amazon. Only minor problem is restrictions on most add-on apps due to going through Amazon and not Google Play but there are various work arounds.
Could not have asked for a better tablet for the money. I wasn't looking for anything extreme. Just wanted it to look nice and do it's job for games and browsing. Well it does that and more. Gave it to our son for Christmas and now I want one myself. We are going to buy another for my mother in law. Lightweight, simple layout. Snappy. Can't go wrong.
This is the best streaming device to watch movies on or even Netflix.
Doesn't do much yet not enough skills to learn just yet
Item was easy to set up. Work as advertised Very Cool
I purchased the tablet as a screen for my drink and it worked just fine
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
Overall for an Alexa product it does the same thing as all the other ones. This one is specifically portable and only needs to be put on the base for charging. The one main issue is that it is not voice activated (meaning it does not listen to you unless you press any of the buttons on top or the mic button in front. By having this feature, I could see it causing excess battery usage. Needs to be able to apps better.
Setup was self explanatory. It doesn't take a genius. I have had the Echo Alexa for nearly a month and love everything about it. I have a rather large log home and decided to add the inexpensive smaller version called Echo Dot to the kitchen to be sure I could turn the smart lights on/off/dim without having to yell through the walls into the room where the Echo Alexa is located. Alexa did work the distance, but I had to yell to penetrate through the walls for the lights on the other side of the house. As a team, they both work like a charm. There is so much still to discover about Echo Alexa/Echo Dot and there have been more and more apps and accessories added to the list just in the short time I have had it. Love it and discover more and more things about it as people are experimenting and posting things about it online. Worth every penny.
We had an earlier version of Kindle that in my opinion was hard to read the print. We purchased the Kindle paperwhite and love the brightness. It's much easier to read and doesn't strain my eyes.
This is my 2yr. olds and he loves it. He loves the different games and watching reviews.
Love the voice control activation. Being hands free is great. Just ask it a question or give it a command and it's done. Only problem I have is it won't sync with my hue light system. Once I get this problem solved, it will be all heaven.
When my old kindle died I purchased the Paperwhite. Great for reading! Much lighter weight than previous one. Now able to read in sunlight without difficulty and am able to use with another source of light.
Best gift ever, now he leaves mom and dads phones/tablets alone and plays his own, which is also locked down as well. And thanks to the low price, I bought for his siblings as well, there is peace now
I prefer the Kindle to a book. I like the change of letter size, storing many, many books, and the ease of carrying it. I love to read when I travel, and this is the way to go.
This kindle is great. Battery lasts much longer than old kindle.
Alexa is cool and can actually understand what I say and ask. Which was one of my worries. For everything Alexa can do I feel like I got a good deal.
woks fine
I got a great tablet from a great company with excellent customer service.I love buying from best buy and i love the warranties they offer
Echo is a fun and useful product. Still learning all it can be used for.
Holds a long charge. Fast great space, no freezing or resetting.
The kindle fire kid is easy enough that our 2 year old can work it!!!
It's a gift for my Mother-in-Law and she's very happy with it!
Works great for streaming apps. Much better than a chromecast.
I purchased this for my 12 year old and it was at a great price point. I like the parental controls feature with the multiple profiles. This allows me to control what she has access to which is a plus for me.
Bought this item as a Christmas present. The price was a steal of a deal! It was easy to set up and the kids loved it. I bought a black, a blue and a red. I even bought 2 more for my friends kids. The children loved it!
Great product. Love the FireTV! a must if you have Amazon Prime.
Great tablet, perfect for my son. He can have all his games. Great performance
Picked this up for my two year old granddaughter. She loves it and its the first thing she picks up to play with. She can play a lot of the age appropriate games and can navigate around really easily. I even use it sometimes!
This is our second Alexa unit. This one was for our son. He loves it and can listen to his own music.
This was gift for my step son. It is easy to use and set up.
Very pleased and easy to use. I would definitely recommend this item.
Great sound for music. Use it for a reminder each day. Kind of a to do list. When I need time or temp just ask Alexa
I have bought 6 Amazon fire tvs in the past and they are far better than chromecast and apple tv in terms of simplicity and volume. I highly recommend them.
I bought the Amazon Fire thinking it was all that and it is as long as I am home with a strong wifi. It does not pick up wifi good the connection is very weak when I try to connect elsewhere like I have to be right near the box or it doesn't pick up. But I find that with my camera also an Amazon product. Ok so that may be the problem.
I use to login to my computer and search, now I just ask Alaxa and have an answer soon than I could type
My wife uses this for playing on line games. She loves it
The Fire Tablet is a great eReader. I bought it primarily to read my eBookson Kindle. Much lighter and easier to read compared to my Samsung Tablet. Even though there is less text on a page - I can read faster with the Fire Tablet. Also, the Silk browser works great for my needs - can Read emails, Flipboard and Pulse. The Fire Tablet Rocks!!!Richard
Easy to use and quick to set up. Even kids love to use it and pictures are good.
Just ok even for the low price of 33$. It's more like a toy than a tablet.
This was a good proce and does what it needs too for the price!
I bought this tablet for my son after the digiland tablet I bought him broke the same exact day. We've had this tablet for almost a year and it's still going strong. I just changed the case and screen protector. Still works perfectly for belonging to an 8 year old boy.
Fire Tv is fast . I recommend this to everyone ! All my co workers purchased them too
Very easy to use. Many various apps available. Great for reading and games. I would highly recommend it as a very easy use tablet for beginners and children.
Great purchase would recommend to a friend easy to use
The products were great. I was able to access the books that I had been craving for.
This is a great budget tablet that performs like one 3x as much.
Got this for the wife for x-mass does a lot of cool stuff she love it does every thing she wants and more
Speakers sound real low Not easy to use at allHave to pay for everything
Like being able to read outside and easier to take with me when traveling than a book is.
My 12 year old son loves this kindle fire. Does everything it's supposed too and more.
i have had not issues with my purchase. i found a great cover for it on line on amazon and use it every night. thank you for your service.
An Apple TV was out of the question - lacked access to Prime videos and forced me to rent from iTunes (rarely offers discounted rentals). Leaving me with Roku or the Fire TV. Went with the Fire TV to try something different (owned Rokus before), and have been very pleased. The UI looks great, the voice search is reliable and ability to access so many apps easily makes it easy for others to use.
I have bought several of these now, one for me and they make great gifts. There really isn't a comparable tablet in this price range. I don't love Amazon's controlling interface that keeps you from downloading what you would with a regular android. Otherwise it works well for all my uses and for those I have gifted with them. I highly recommend them for the under $100 price range tablets.
Fire Tv is easy to use and navigate. We use it almost everyday.
Very good price and very good and nice table, with nice pics
This is a great means of watching lots of programs
I like the ease of setup and the apps available in fire tv.
The longer i have this product the more i use it. My most useful feature is the list capabilities. I just say alexa add " " to my shopping list and when i got the the store i'm able to pull everything up. It makes life easier for sure. highly recommend everyone to have one.
It's fast ,well build would recommend for anyone who has young kids
I bought this to run Playstation VUE on. No problems with the unit.
The Fire Tv. Stick and fire Tablet are great for beginners
I don't think it's the adapter which seems to work fine. I just have to charge my new kindle lots more than the old one. It's probably the new Kindle's problem but I'll charge it with my old power adapter just to see. I charged with my old adapter and it was the same as the new one. So go ahead and buy this adapter
This device is awesome, the best voice command device I ever had.
Great price for this tablet. My son enjoys this tab
The Amazon Tap has great sound and is responsive to requests for the songs and music I like. It has a rechargeable battery and is portable which is great for taking your music with you as you move around. Thumbs up for the Tap!
I am not a casual user of on-demand content and devices. Having tried smart tv's from 3 brands, smart dvd/bluray players, Apple TV, WDTV, HTPC, Chromecast and too many other competing products to mention--for streaming content, before this box you really had two options (for a simple to use box that doesn't require additional items or tweaking):First is Apple TV which is easy to use (interface) but Apple limits the content you can get greatly (including no Prime Streaming built in) and it lacks a lot in features as well and is slow. The reason for selecting Apple TV is if you have other apple products that unlock features (like Amazon's content).The second option you could consider was Roku--which really means a Roku 3 box since it is heads and tails better than past Roku boxes in terms of remote and speed. Now Roku stands out with the most content and the most features of any box with the Roku 3. It is for that reason you will see me address the Roku 3 so often in this review.I have added quick summaries of other options to make sure everyone knows about the other options out there.WDTV: Are great for streaming your own content but not very user friendly.Chromecast: Is very cheap at 35 but requires other items to use (no remote included!), is limited to 16 channels according to their own site with other content broadcast via Chrome's browser not at the same quality level. This does allow you to browse the internet on your tv and is amazing for the cost but is more of a niche market than FireTV/Roku/Apple TV. But if you can live with the short comings, it is worth a look at 1/3 the price of these devices.Smart TVs: Most of these are FINE for occasional use but not nearly as pleasant to use daily like separate boxes.Read more
I am happy with my item.i enjoy my product. I always shop best buy
I returned one of my cable boxes and just use my AMZN fire. I love that I can use the voice command. Super easy set up.
Purchased this for my Down Syndrome sister who enjoy playing games on it.
I was over at a friends house and they had one of these and i could not get here fast enough to get one of my own!
Was recommended to purchase by a family member who has one who is very happy with it
This is my third Kindle (second Fire). I use it constantly primarily for reading electronic books. Currently have over 350 books in Kindle library. Like it best when traveling as I don't have to carry a bunch of hardback books with me. Anywhere I go where I know there will be a waiting line (haircut, doctor's or dentist's office) I have it with me and use it productively to read..
I have owned this Amazon echo for almost two months now and I am enjoying it.
This tablet is very great because it's not harsh on the eyes when reading and the battery life is great. I like to read a lot so it's perfect for that. The touch screen works well too. Overall I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
The echo is certainly able to answer many questions but it is inferior to the Google Home. We bought both and use them side by side and the Home is able to retrieve answers or information that the Echo is not on a somewhat frequent basis. Examples are questions or requests such as "how many calories are in a pop-tart", searching for certain songs or types of music, and calculating time and distance between two cities by car. The Home was able to do all of these things while the Echo was not. The home also tends to provide information beyond the direct answer to your question while the Echo does not. The Echo definitely has superior sound quality but I'm not sure it's worth it.
I would purchase another one just for myself and son
Purchased one as gift for my boy works well no issues. Led me to putchase 3 more as xmas gifts.
Netflix app runs great no buffering and good HD quality. Amazon app and movies have their issues. But overall I like my fire tv. If only Amazon ran like Netflix then would be 5 stars.
I am using Alexa for my thermostats. It feels so good I can change my thermostats while I am in bed. I'll continue to use Alexa for other things. With my voice I can do anything with Alexa.
I purchased this product based on the reviews of no glare and its ease of use. Both are true.
Making a gift baskey and choose to place this Kindle Fire as the main surprise. Great price!
I would recommend this item who likes watching current TV and Movies and also the archived shows & movies
Bought this black Friday for 34 bucks. Cheap but reliable and nice. I would recommend this to everybody. It's fast and nice looking
Best purchase ever, such a small item that delivers big results.
So far so good. Display is not as bright or clear as my iPhone but then again I only paid 30 dollars for the tablet
This is my first Tablet and I love it!!Easy to understand and there are so many apps I read a sample book and I like the huge selection of books,newspapers and magazines The lighting is perfect easy on the eyes
I bought it for my husband as a Vday gift but we both use it. We really like, It's very helpful I wish I could play music more easily
I bought one for my lil 2yr old and I absolutely love it. I can take it on the go and it's an easy and practical device for my lil one to use.
The stick offers one of the best options if your trying to ween off the cable providers. Great offers
I have one and move it and I bought it for my 9 year old niece and she loves it! Works great!
Plays almost all the songs I have requested from pandora , some songs were only available from amazon
I like the dim light, it doesn't damage my eyesight.
I love my echo. I know that some of you will be saying what do I really need this for but once you have it you will use it and love it.
Had the Echo Dot and it was time to upgrade. The sound on the Echo is fantastic. I use it to check weather, wake me in the morning, control my Philips Hue lights, Nest thermostat, and of course, listen to music :-)
I got this for my wife since she broke her old one. She only uses it for reading and playing games but she seems happy with it. I've used it a couple of times, considering its price, I would say it's a pretty good tablet.
Grandkids each got one and they love it. Step up from original Kindle.
Just like having another member of the family but it listens much better than any of my children ever did (LOL)
I got the Amazon Echo and the Dot to supplement it. Although they say that the Echo can hear from all over, it really can't. It depends how far you are and how loud the surroundings are (ie. television or stereo on or even if the Echo is playing loud music itself). So, I got the Dot for my bedroom and it works just fine.It's a little complicated to setup to the wifi but once I figured it out (I needed to turn off the automated wifi connection on my smartphone), it worked like a charm. After the Echo is connected to the wifi, you can turn the automatic wifi back onto your phone. I'm just getting started to using it with my Smart Home automation. So far, I can turn on/off & dim my lights in my living room with just my voice. Love it...!!! Once I get more bulbs for my bedroom and hallway, I'll add those too. It just gets expensive at $29.99 - $49.99 per bulb!!!Also, I wish you could re-name/call it something other than Alexa, Amazon or Echo. Nothing personal but it doesn't make sense since there's a box to enter the "name". So for now, "she's" Alexa.
Love the Amazon Echo! Easy setup and receives voice commands well. Music is crisp and verbal information is very understandable.
I love the many programs you can get from the many apps.
Infinitely useful. We use it most to explore Amazon's vasr music library
Love it. Love reading on my new kindle. Should of bought sooner.
Bought for my wife, and she love's it. It's fast and very convenient!
I like it a lot. Got it just to be able to get on line while husband was on the laptop but there is so much more. Very user friendly. A few basic directions and you breeze through most set ups. I can check the breaking news, weather or look up an address etc.& be out the door meanwhile the laptop is still booting. The Fire shut down (Moko case) is merely shutting the cover. Weak spot; For listening to music has rather poor sound but movies, shows, voices etc are clear & fine. Will be getting the Fire Stick shortly. No opinion on camera/video yet.
This item is one of the best add-ones known to man. You can download almost every app to use on your TV. There is always updates to make sure it works properly. I've never had an issue with the Fire Stick.
My son loves it. There are a lot of kid friendly apps available.
I like the echo, and it's really handy. It's a little creepy that it listens to EVERY WORD uttered, but there are some handy things that you can get out of this appliance.
Fast and easy to use. Perfect for Playstation VUE and Plex, clear picture, quick and intuitive interface.
MY KIDS BOUGHT THIS FOR ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT.
Look no Further, fast processor, great ram , expandable storage turn your tv into a smart tv
The Amazon Fire is the best bargain without giving up anything... So far it has done everything I could have ever dreamed
Bought for my 8 yr old. They absolutely love it. Clear display and durable
Picked up the Amazon echo on sale and have loved it. It's great to have Alexa play an artist or band I want, here how the weather is, or current news. It's been a great addition to our house.
Overall sound is not as good as Echo, my primary source for Amazon content. However, the Tap is great for medium volume music and radio stations and as an alarm clock. It's portability sets it apart, however, it's nice to be able to take it from room to room and to the garage and patio without disconnecting. Recent software update now allows listening mode. It does require a brief pause after saying Alexa wake word, but it does work. This drains the battery more quickly but you can keep it in the charger base or toggle off listening mode at the touch of a button. The portability and voice activation now make this a worthwhile addition to my Echo, which is fabulous!
The Kindle Fire is small but does everything it should for a young child. Worth the low cost I paid for it.
The Amazon 7 Fire tablet is just what we needed, It works great with Amazon Prime and easy to down load books or movies. It's size makes it easy to handle for plane trips
This work great to my nephews for Xmas this year it's easy to use and to set up. Price is great and I would recommend to my friends.
Wow, Alexa does it all! I can ask for pretty much anything, and I add new skills for her to learn all the time. It works perfect!
The Amazon Echo is nothing short of amazing. A must have for anyone that listens to a lot of music and wants the ease of selecting songs!
Got this for my daughter and she loves it. I also use it as a e-reader
I'm currently living in Korea and needed American television to keep me entertained. I had Kodi installed on a FireStick, however, despite having a 100Mbps service plan, my wireless connection couldn't keep up with the bandwidth hungry programming. My solution was to purchase the FireTV and hardwire my internet connection via ethernet. The difference was immediately noticeable, I haven't had any buffering issues and programs load up immediately. I would definitely recommend this device if you live in an apartment where the air is saturated with WIFI signals and plan on using bandwidth heavy applications such as Kodi. The ethernet connection ensures that you are getting a clean signal and using the maximum bandwidth speed of your ISP.
Great budget tablet. Just needs good sized microsd card!
This is having all apps handy and shopping easy with Amazon and awesome piece.
Love this! It has added such simplification to my daily routine! I can update my grocery list on the fly. My daughter loves to ask questions that assist her with her homework, etc. And the fact that we love to jam out and listen to music all the time, this is rockin cool! Altogether, it was a great purchase! And since I got it on sale, that makes it even better!
Incredibly awesome device. Signed up with Amazon music and I've been jamming nonstop.
Nice screen which is easy to read. We will have to see how it hold up with kids in the house.
I love my Fire Tablet - it has beautiful screen and many extra features that my older Tablet did not have - while it is still a compact size, it is light and pleasant to use. I would recommend again and again.
I love the kindles fires and all Amazon echos have bought for other family members highly recommend
Originally I bought this for my 4 and 5 year olds. They loved it and so did I. So many things to do on them and so much of what they love. I now got it as well for my 2 year old. The best part of it all is the cases come with the tablets and they have 3 colors to choose from, so perfect for me.
Bought this as a gift for my mother so that she could watch Netflix and hulu while in the hospital. Took her a bit to get used to as she was used to her ipad but overall I like this product. Only drawback is lack of appstore content (namely clash of clans, clash royale, pokemon go, etc)
I love it! It's simple and easy! I love how you can take anywhere and Alexa listens to you right away!
Great way to get books quickly 24/7 and easily. Battery life is good.
I bought this item for my preteen granddaughter. She enjoys reading and learning apps. This device travels well and is easy to use.
Best purchase I've made in a while. This thing is fun for the whole family, really came in handy with the recent storms we had. Every night is a movie night with this
Very happy with this product. I was all we expected it to be
While most avid readers will say that you can't match the physical qualities of a book as part of the overall reading experience, this is pretty convenient. The soft glow of the screen doesn't assault your eyes after an extended reading session, and it fits nicely in the hands too.
It has been a great streaming device. Its very reliable.
Right size for travel. Perfect for reading. Everyone should own one.
Bought for my 3 children ages 3,4,and 5. They all seem to love them. My only problem is the battery life is low so they are always complaining that they are shutting off.For a parent that is not to big a problem unless you work from home and are trying to keep them quite.
This is a good starter. As the company provides more devices that it can control it will become excellent. It's very limited at this time.
Loved it... great for streaming movies and tv shows. bought several of them for family and friends.
I bought this for my son (he's 1.5 years old) so he could play basic toddler games, but I found the tablet to be extremely useful for school with it's large screen and super long battery life. I'm waiting for the Surface Pro 5 but this tablet that I got for so cheap is making me second guess paying so much! For basic lecture taking notes and watching Netflix or Hulu and kid games, this can't be beat.
Purchased this for my mother in law who loves to read but can't always get to the library. It was easy for her to download books with simple instructions. Now she is hooked on some games. Best gift ever!
These were purchased as Christmas presents for my grandchildren. However I did open the packages to be sure they were fully charged and updated. I was surprised at how fast the response time was and how easy they are to navigate. My grandchildren are going to love them!
My child had one before , and loved it. So we got him another one.
We bought this Amazon Fire TV to use for our Sony PlayStation Vue package as part of our cord-cutting plan. We are also Amazon Prime members so it made sense for that application also. The picture is great on our Samsung 65" 4K tv. The only drawback so far (why I only gave it 4 stars) is that our Logitech Harmony 650 remote will not operate it, thereby forcing us to keep track of the remote.
The tablet is very nice and so easy to youse I have it to my mother for Christmas!
Small and compact, surprisingly good image and sound.
Easy to use and download books. Great for beginners who never used digital book readers. I love it!
Purchased this black Kindle as a gift for my niece after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.
Amazon has produced a great line of eReaders that only improve more with each generation update and model. Cant go wrong with the Kindle Paperwhite. I've used the Kindle reader on other devices but it is made to be used best with the Kindle. Bought it at Best Buy as I couldnt wait to have it to start reading.
Player has plenty of features and the picture quality is excellent.Would have been 5 star except the remote control is on the cheap side.
Daughter got this as a present. It was easy to set up and display is great. Features allow us to limit her time on games, web, etc. while allowing her unlimited time to read
My daughter loves playing with Alexa, from math problems to telling jokes and inter acting with most of the comments you may have. Alexa is still kind of limited to trivia compared to google home but demonstrates and excellent integration with your smarthome devices. The design also blended in in my kitchen very well and i have replaced my old bluetooth speaker with it. So much potential with this device.
No problems here, although it's such a simple and common product that it seems a little pricey. Works well with charger for Kindle.
I looked at the reviews between the stick and the box. I choose the box because it connects to the Ethernet.
Great device, and has great sound. The voice activation is very tight, and once you realize how Alexa answers, she's very helpful..
like the individual charger as i do not always have a usb port device with me when i travel
Love my kindle sleek and easy to use! Love that I can control the brightness of the backlight
I bought this to read books and to use the internet, I liked it so much I bought a second one for a family member.
I had a kindle years ago and decided to try one again. I'm so glad I did!! The lighting seems to make it easier for me to read and see the words without my reading glasses!!I with I could put my own screen saver on it, and wish best buy carried the cases in colors!!
This kindle was very good and I enjoyed it a lot, i love it.
Product was easy to install and is easy to use just ask questions. Also great as you you can setup operating home automation to make life simple and easy.
The Echo has wonderful option, great sound, and easy to set up.
Can't download "TCM" nor my Cable providers " tv on the go" app
Have tried using an iPad and other devices for reading, I was worried this would not work for my needs. Light as a book, even lighter, I don't mind laying in bed or reclining on the couch to read anymore. Good for reading heavier books that would cause arm strain to hold while reading. Bright at night enough to read with the lights off but not bright enough to bother my wife who is sleeping
Able to download music and movies free!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love my Echo that I received for Christmas from my wife that I bought it for my son in law for his birthday. He has Amazon prime so he can do much more with the Echo. I will be subscribing also.
this is excellent for kids 3-7. the only thing I don't like is it is difficult to go to kids web pages by typing in an web address once you set up the kids profile, plus it takes away the easy access of the camera which the kids love. I may have set it up wrong as it did not come with printed instructions and I am not tech savvy. This item is extremely durable and great fun for the kids.
The kindle fire tablets are great for the price. They have solid performance in battery life and processing power. The only downside is that the Operating System is a different variation of Android, so there could be some incompatibilities.
This is a excellent tablet for browsing the internet and reading ebooks and for the price you can't beat it..
My friend is enjoying getting acquainted with her first ever electronic device. It is just what she needed to get into the digital age. She is an older woman and is excited about all she can do on her Kindlefire.
A very convenient little tool. Good for checking emails quick, like on a phone, but the bigger screen is nice
The Paperwhite is an excellent eReader. It's easy to use, has good battery power and is a good weight and size.
The Tap has been wonderful! We use it as a timer, for a weather update and for general music. The sound is terrific. I would recommend this unit. It is certainly easy to use - just a tap away.
Needed something for Christmas for five year old grandaughter. This hit the spot.
Loads of apps available, Netflix , PlayStation vue, Hulu , etc. very useful to setup in a basement with no cable outlet.
Already had a amazon fire for 5 years...still working fine ... bought 2 of these as gifts . Does what it is meant to do and great to leverage your amazon prime stuff. Don't bother if you are expecting a ipad like feel...
Great price on a good tablet... especially on Black Friday
While there are some apps that are missing due to not using the Google Play Store the list is minimal. The tablet itself is quick, responsive, and noticeable nicer than the 7" fire. Picked this up when it was on sale for black friday sales. It's great for in front of the TV and catching up on email and light web browsing.
Love the tablet not to small, lightweight, and is easy to use.
Great product and only $40! I purchased 2 of them along with the compatible SanDisk 200gb micro SD cards to max out the storage capability. I was able to copy my child's stored tv shows & moves on to the sd cards from my PC's hard drive, now they can watch their shows on the go, it makes car trips a lot easier!  I also purchased Skullcandy Bluetooth headphones for each of them (got em' for $10 during Christmas). They paired with the Kindle in seconds, no trouble at all. + Kindle's customer support is awesome if you need them, their service is like no other...
nice tabket for the money with many nice features and durable
Alexa knows all the answers and she's helping us be more efficient as we add light switches and a thermostat
It's very nice tablet my kids love it and i am very happy
Very easy to use. It's small enough to fit in my purse so I can always have a book to read with me.
I have enjoyed having the ability to watch almost any movies that I would like to see. This even includes movies that are being shown in the theaters at that time. Occasionally we have hit some streaming that tends to pause the show, but mostly we can find a go around by choosing another streaming!
This was a replacement unit for a first generation unit. It works perfectly, the old unit would not hold a charge.
My son loves how easy it is to navigate through the apps
I could not be happier with this purchase. Lots of entertainment in one small package!
Its a great gift for my little one and he loves it
Provided I use the correct cable, this will fast charge my wife's IDevices. Just what I needed as we have lost two Apple chargers.
This kindle rocks! Tons of storage at an awesome price.
This is great for reading, it's light and easy to read. I love it.
I enjoy using my kindle. It is lightweight and I can just take it out and read while waiting for the bus or at any time. The Kindle is easy to use and easy on the eyes and it is perfect when reading outdoors.
Love this! Having a great time learning all the new things it can do. Also love that Amazon and Best Buy send me emails about once a week with new things to try. Be careful to check and make sure that Smart Home products actually are compatible before purchasing them to use with Alexa.
The recording quality is very good. I would recommend this product.
Bought this for our daughter to use, but nothing worked right and was difficult to use. It's a fairly cheap $$ product, and it shows. Ended up returning it and buying a Samsung the next day.
This is a great product and a really good by for the price. Great buy at best buy.
Obviously doesn't support everything out there but it's fast and does what I need it to
This table is great for social media like facebook, check emails, watch YouTube , and in general good enough for the price!
I bought the Amazon Fire as a gift and it works great. If you want a tablet that is not expensive and will work for games this would be a great choice.
Excellent tablet for the money! Best for amazon prime members, although even non prime amazon users can make the most out of this tablet at this price point.
Works well and fully functional. I would recommend.
Seems to be relatively user friendly but as a new tablet owner, I would have appreciated having some basic instructions come with it rather than have to learn everything by trial and error. I'm sure I still do not understand many of the capabilities this tablet has to offer.
Didn't realize until after we bought it that there was no google play.
I checked a few alternate movie boxes and I found the Amazon fire tv to be the best suited for me
Bought for our child who has vision issues but LOVES to read.  She can borrow library books and they return "automatically". Appreciate that the screen lighting is more gentle than other tablet items. Grateful for no game options. Wish I could control the ads better! That's my only complaint. Some advertised books are plain wrong for a young one but there it is with a sample or picture. Just gotta keep an eye on that.
This is a fantastic pad for anyone my absolute favorite sturdy access so easy and I will always give it 5 stars!
Its is a great product.Fast and reliable.Streaming and services are the best
This is my second kindle fire I love the ease of use with the fire and all my books
Very easy to use. Kids love it! Only downsides are lack of certain apps, and the speakers are weak. All in all, a great tablet for under $100
I love my fire tv. The only thing I don't like is my remote keep freezing. I have already change the batteries to brand new ones twice and it still freezes. I'm ready to buy a new remote.
Works great until....... I had forgotten that Amazon fire did not come with Google Playstore. I looked up how to add Playstore to the 7" Fire. There are many videos on YouTube that showed how to add Playstore to the fire. All seemed to add it OK but the loss performance of the Fire was noticeable. There were several apps that failed to work at all or lost features. One example was Lifetime. It was slow to load and failed to bring up Chromecast. One reason I hoped for this app would work was my Samsung and Vizio SMART TV's don't offer this app. I found a old tablet I had forgotten I had. I loaded Lifetime and works perfect. I guess what it boils down to, it you are after apps on the Playstore, get a non Amazon tablet. It is just easier to use, apps should work and you don't have to fool around trying to adapt Playstore. If Playstore isn't critical, then I'm sure this a a great little table.
We got this tablet for my aunt so she could read, check emails, and play games. It is very easy to setup and use for anyone!
This is a great device. I purchased this for the music but discovered it does so much more. I highly recommend the echo. I also purchased the echo dot for my office.
I enjoy my fire tv I would definitely recommend it
Well, a good table for under $50 it's not bad. I ended getting the Toshiba 4k tv with built-in Chromecast so I need an inexpensive table so I wouldn't use my phone. Turns out that the tablet does have Play Store so i was unable to download Google Home. This tablet would be great for kids for a started tablet. you can also control how much time kids can spend on it. unfortunately it wasn't for since it didn't work for what i need.
Love the sound quality and knowledge of ALEXA. The whole family really likes the way you ask Alexa questions and the answers she gives!. The choice of music knows no end. We play games and listen to the music day in and day out. Really love the Echo!
Enjoy playing jeopardy and asking about weather in other locations
I dont like the kindle because u cant connect it chromecast!
Works faster then the stick. I have both. Runs smooth
When connected to SmartThings, Alexa works great. Alexa will hear you from rooms away. The only changes I would make are:1) Make it portable2) Better speaker quality3) Alexa app needs improvement
Got them as birthday presents for my grandsons and love them
Works just as advertised.Easy to set up.Finds music with ease
Easy to set up, excellent sound quality. So much fun to use
I have two of these. You can not beat the price and it's just as good as the really expensive ones! I love that you can expand the storage space as well!
Great product. Would recommend to a friend. Love it love it love it.
I have a FireTV in every room because the processor speed is the fastest and it requires little buffering time. I highly recommend this unit.
This is a very good tablet which has power CPU and lots of features. I glad I purchased it.
This tablet is a good buy for the price. Allows quick and easy access to the internet. Great product for a 1st time user.
Many improvements than the older model with an excellent screen and great battery life.
Got it for only $39! What a great price for a great little tablet!
This is well constructed for kids. My biggest reason I don't like it is it asks for a credit card, for a kids tablet. I suggest you buy a prepaid credit card or a Amazon gift card for game purchases!
I had the original Kindle and just decided to upgrade. It ​is a very functional and easy to use.
Love it, had the stick and it was kinda slow navigating. This one is much faster. Was going to use this and cancel cable. When I told my cable company I wanted to cancel and I was just going to stream everything they cut my bundle cost by 100. I kept cable but I also still use my firetv alot.
Does everything our grandson wants! He rarely puts it down.
I got this on sale for 33 dollars and I expected something different because of the low price. I would pay a hundred for a replacement if this one ever breaks. Very good product.
Best speaker with Alexa enabled. Value of money!!
works well but you must enable a lot of skills and then remember the right way to ask alexa a question
This is an awesome purchase. You can watch a lot of shows
Good inexpensive tablet. I use it to control my E series vizio and andriod box. Apps open slower than on my Galaxy S7 edge but other than that everyting works as expected. Note that google play store is not available without modification
I got this for my mother in law for Christmas she loves it
Improved features and design, crystal clear high resolution screen, and amazing battery life makes this not only a must-own Amazon device, but as a dedicated e-reader. Easy to use for all age groups.
Excellent product. Tones of fun and super usability.
Dose every thing and more. This is the best streaming device out!!!
Its a nice tablet for the money but I just didn't like being stuck in the amazon universe .
This is the coolest gadget I've bought, never imagined I would use it as much as I do. Way cool
It's very good for the price. No problems with the product
I wanted a tablet for my son to play games and read books. I didn't want to spend hundreds because he is only 8. This is perfect, I can put controls on what he views and password protect my control profile.
Using the tablet on a daily basisEasy to use especially for reading msgs and news items.
The graphic display is vibrant and just the right size. It is easy to read and has great value for the price.
Good. Needed product to hook up charger for Kindle e-reader.
Love my Echo. My family couldn't have given me a greater gift.
Perfect reading light and long battery life. I really love it.
I got a Great price for an 8g Amazon Fire tablet. It works great. It works for what I need it for.
This is our 5th kindle. We love these. They are easy to use and the screen is a nice size. They are lightweight and great for reading.
I bought this for PlayStation Vue, and I am very satisfied with it. Highly recommend!
it was good, works pretty easily. the camera is good.
I was worried that my son wasnt going to like the software, but he's having lots of fun with it
Easy to use, lots of apps. So far have really enjoyed!
This is the echo you can take anywhere. Runs on battery and can connect via bluetooth when away from wifi.
Bought this tablet for a child at Christmas. After days of research, this tablet seemed to be the best buy of the lot. It had a good processor, decent memory, and good reviews. It should be exactly what a 12 year old would need in a tablet at a great price.
Great deal. The downfall to this device is that you have to pay an extra $15 to get the ads removed from your lock screen.
This is a great product to have in your in house/ I bought a Belkin WeMo outlet with it and told Alexa to turn my Christmas tree on. Really cool
Worth having in the home. Also compatible with almost all Wi-Fi products.
I have slowly started to smartify my house. Alexa does great with the smart switches and plugs I have in the house. It makes it very convenient when you have your hand full when first getting home.
Bought the original Fire for my daughter a few years ago, and she unfortunately lost it in our out of state move. This updated version is a replacement for that and she couldn't be happier. Great for kid's to read books, stream movies and tv, or playing games.
This was supposed to be a gift for Christmas, but after I bought it , I had to keep it for myself.
Bought this "cheap" tablet not expecting much. This thing blows away many of the more expensive android tablets. The Amazon system within the android system works great and filters out many of the android bugs that plague most tablets. Perfect for kids and the "I just want it to work" crowd.
Bought this for my 6 year old nephew and he loves it!
Love it! Best gadget I have purchased in a long time!
We've waited for the perfect Android tablet for our twin grand daughters and we finally found it. These are great for game play, surfing, learning, and growing with them. The display is amazing. Easy personalization out of the box. And it's through the Play Store. Awesome!
My granddaughter loves this tablet. Perfect for a 5 year old
I had the fire tv stick first and was told the fire tv was better so I knew I had to have one. I honestly haven't watched a lot of fire tv yet but I plan on it and I love the picture quality and the fact that I can watch movies on prime and all of that.
Works great once you learn how commands must be spoken.
Easy for my kid to use and navigate through. Fun for adults too.
I purchased two of these for my grandchildren. They love them!
I use this for videos the quality is great I use headsets the speaker is good for quiet places not to loud.
Best thing ever I have one in all my rooms in the house
I really like the auto on off feature. Volume control could be more ergonomic.
I absolutely love my Amazon Echo. I use it everyday for all kinds of information.
I def enjoy the voice assistant from Amazon. I can control lights, TV, and audio. Plus Alexa keeps up with any questions I have. Plus she is a good sport even if you insult her.
This tablet was purchased as a Christmas gift and our nephew absolutely loves it.
This device is great for the home. It plays thousands of songs, provides current news, answers all sorts of questions. Great for my kids to get answers on any subject.
Learning all the aps that are on the Kindle, the games and all the free books.
My favorite streaming box. Works flawlessly and am very pleased with the item.
My dad, 79 years old, is able to navigate this item easily.
The 7" screen is a good size and I really like the touch screen. This is a great tablet!
i really like this tablet..easy to use and looks great.
Everything seems to work as intended. The available storage is small when you include the pre loaded apps. I should have known that would be the case.
hi got this tablet to view books and use netflix while i travel nice sound can charge by my external battery last few hours nice to have
Nice tablet at a very affordable price.............
replacement for broken screen tablet on grandson's tablet...he's happy
Great price on toothbrush. Been using a couple weeks and see results aready.
Bought this for my son to encourage his reading ,and very pleased with this device. I have sideloaded the ability to rent library books and it works well. He can read easily without tiring his eyes or needing to go to library frequently. Since I have to drive him everywhere it helped both of us. I wish there were more apps available and native library rental specifically.
Im still not sure why this doesn't come with the Kindle - and Im glad I threw it in the shopping cart when I purchased my Kindle.
Firestick provides opportunity for families to spend more quality time together with many features and endless supply of movies
Great for books, netflix, or social media. Real handy!
This Amazon Fire is fine for just reading and minimal research and investigative work. Apart from e-reading, it is slow and unresponsive.
Amazon Alexa is amazing. Does more then I imagined. Easy to install and quick to learn how to use. Alexa is used each and everyday.
This was a gift therefore I cannot have a very good review of the item.
sadly it's lacking youtube, it does do everything else do and does it all great.go here for easy kodi setuphttps://github.com/sphinx02/FireStarter/wiki/Install-FireStarter-and-Kodi-%28only-FireTV-needed%29
I love this e-reader. My other reader was not backlit so needed something I could use in low light. This works perfectly for reading at night and in the sun. The light is adjustable. Love downloading books from the library. It has a 3G connection which I have not used yet, so far used only in wi-fi areas.
I love having books at my finger tips, 24/7. In addition to accessibility, my kindle white increases my vocabulary by offering word wise.
Love this product and LOVE Amazon! It replaced my old Fire TV.
Fantastic product. Led to significant home automation.
bought for my boyfriend because he cant see to much on his phone. he loves it.
I would like to rate this 3 and half stars - while the adapter itself works just fine, I think it is underhanded of Amazon to make you pay extra for it. Maybe I am not technologically up-to-date, but it seems to me that most people charge things at a wall socket not with a computer USB port. I think that I read that charging with USB takes longer as well. Just like an airline charging you for taking your bags on the plane, now Amazon is charging you for things you need to make the Kindle work - pretty soon you'll have to pay for the cord, guides and updates. Not very good customer service :(
Good value for the price, though a little slow loading some apps.
Love it! Replaced my google chrome stick with the fire stick
Very easy to use. Very responsive. It's like having a floating computer in your house. Ask it anything and ask it to do most anything online..order pizza etc. Very cool
It's fun having Alexa. It's hard to utilize it for all that it can do but if you take the time to learn it's a really helpful household tool.
This is a gift to my wife for xmas, don't know yet if she likes it but I can't see why she wouldn't
Really feeling futuristic the Echo is amazing. I love the hands free literally talking to an electronic device that can assist you in numerous daily task. I use it often and it would appear to be learning the more I use it. I'm going to start getting all the devices that will turn my home into a smart home. LOVE IT!!!
We love the amazon fire tv the 4K definition is great easy to use
I got this smaller kindle for my kids and I loved it and so did they!
I didn't think to much of it at first glad at the store, I decided to purchase it. IT WAS THE BEST DECISION EVER MADE
I've always been a Roku user but when Directv Now came out recently and wasn't available on Roku but was on Fire TV I gave it a try. I've been very happy with it and have switched all my Roku's out with Fire TV's.
Bought this for my daughter for christmas. She is an David reader and just loves her new fire.
Bought this with a dot and we love these. So easy to play music and set alarms and other cool things this does. Love this and highly recommend for house
This is my 4th kindle and is easily the best one I've ever had. It is very comfortable to hold and is very compact. I was surprised how small it is but has the same screen size as my other kindles. It may look costly at first but remember you are getting a cover with additional battery.
The Amazon Fire Stick is an amazing device that makes it easy to watch movies and navigate through apps - I love the fact that I don't even have to use my smart TV apps because the fire stick has it all. I would definitely recommend.
Bought it for my wife. Handy to read while exercising.
My daughter is totally enjoying her tablet.Recently though, it is not charging correctly. I will come to store to have it looked at.
I purchased this when my last tablet died. It meets all basic needs and the price was great.
Great purchase, I would like to have two,!!!!!,!,!,!,!,
Does the job it’s suppsed to. Get it and enjoy life in the fast lane
If you want a low budget tablet. This is the one. Don't be scared.
Love the back lit screen for reading in all sorts of lighting situations.
I have had many other Bluetooth speakers but when you get one that is smart and can connect to the internet it will change the way you think about them. I love the music streaming. I use the installable skills. Also now using for smart home features. I like this so much I am replacing my other Bluetooth speakers with echo devices.
Bought this for my son in Christmas and it was worth the price. Get the protective cover on Amazon. Great for kids and anyone who enjoys reading
This is what it has come to. You can now buy a quality tablet for $50. Amazing! Works well, just couple things. It uses amazon app store, not, Google play store. It runs an OS called Fire 5.0, which is based on android OS. So you may not find apps that are available the same as android. Of course, all of the big name apps are there. But if you want to hold a good quality piece of hardware in your hands for not a lot of money, this is a great choice. Amazon has a philosophy. They want to make money AFTER the sale. So that's why they get you in at a low price. Also, they have created a revenue stream by selling ads. When your screen times out, it will post a "screen saver/wallpaper" that is an advertisement. If you want, you can go to your amazon account, pay a one time $15 fee (per unit, not per account) to get rid of them,
The Echo is a gateway drug. First, I just wanted a Bluetooth speaker with some novelty features. Then I got smart outlets. Then Hue lights. Now I'm looking at smart locks. Beware ...
As usual, Amazon does a great job of making the Kindle - this was for my wife and replaced her previous Kindle. Awesome product.
this is a very good product, the speakers are good, the price was right. I liked everything about it, other than the fact that you had to press the button each time you wanted to talk to it, unlike the echo and the dot. The portability was good, but I didn't have much use for it being portable. Unless you are going to keep the Tap within arm's reach, you're better off with one of the other hands free voice activated products. recommended with caveats
The Paperwhite is certainly better than the regular Kindle, primarily due to the back lighting feature. If you buy a Kindle eReader, this would be the one to buy. You could spend more for the higher end models but there's really no need. The main issue with this eReader is the smudge effect at the bottom of the screen. I tried two Paperwhites and both had the same issue. Perhaps this is just how they are.
This is perfect cause my nephew is more calm.. this tablet is awesome. He loves it.
I am very happy with this Amazon tablet. I purchased it for business purposes, as well as recreational, and it works great for both. I did get an SD card for more memory. Also, if I would have bought directly from Amazon, there would've been a 1 month wait. However, I was able to order from Best Buy online, and pick it up that very day!!!
I really enjoy the amazon tablet for paying my bills online and looking up recipes.
My wife is a email and facebook user. Her laptop was always needing updating and was not the best thing for her. She does do some web surfing and it works for her.
I bought this wanting for books comics and movies and it has not disappoint ever since
Alexa is now a great friend. Coupled with prime music it provides constant entertainment.
Works great, no connection issues! It has all the apps I need that roku would have
Once you start to figure out all this will do , you will be very happy with your purchase
very slow device for most adults. probably fine for a child
Best buy was very helpful & the tablet is good for reading books & basic serfing
I purchased the Fire Tablet to temporarily replace an iPad and an LG tablet that were destroyed. My 7-year-old won't put it down--he can play all his favorite games, read Kindle books, and watch YouTube videos (as long as he has wi-fi access). It's holding up well. Good price.
I bought one last year for my 1 1/2 years old granddaughter and believe me, she loves it. She deals with it perfectly. We put a 128 GB card and downloaded music, videos and movies. And she finds everything. A few days ago I bought another for my twins grankids. They are only 11 month old but we are going to start putting their music and movies. With the bluetooth they will enjoy it. I got a Free in-store set up so their mom will learn how to use it.
We brought this as a replacement for the fifteen to fifty books my daughter wanted to take with her to Hawaii. Books of course would weigh a lot and there be no room for cloths. Pesky airline and their poundage issues. Now she can take a hundred books and she has a mini computer. It's a win win but no win for the airlines!
Love it makes reading a pleasure. Easy on eyes, able to take anywhere, simple to use.
Good tablet. Gave as gift and person enjoys it. Recommend
This thing looks nice, runs nice and feels nice and for the price I don't think you can find a better tablet.
Love mine so far for reading. Good price and super easy to use.
I had a Nook, but it died so I wanted a replacement, and bought this Fire tablet on black friday last year because it was very inexpensive, but as the old adage goes, you get what you pay for. It's OK for basic web surfing, but it's limited, slow, and has one little speaker on the back so if you lay it on a table you won't be able to hear it very well.
Good tablet. I had to re-purchase apps through Amazon because Google play is not compatible
Great for all round entertainment. I connected it to my Amazon account and even my phone so o could view my pictures on the TV. I unfortunately had to return it because one of the purposes for which I bought it was not fulfiled.
The ECHO is the best music player in the House hands down
I've enjoyed using my Fire HD8 tablet to play games.
Works great for everyday use. The family loves it.
Great tablet for the price. Not really for reading books.
We no longer have Directv or anything else. Chose this to have something else to watch on TV. If you are a Prime member with Amazon there are tons of shows, movies, games, etc. to watch/use.
Alexa is a great tool for a person to use as a quick guide for information, music and a sense of direction
All data from previous Kindle self loaded and was a seamless transition from old to new unit.
I do not use my Apple tvs anymore. Great for PS Vue and Prime.
The product worked just as it was advertised meeting all my expectations
It's nice for the price, nice gift for kids and grandparents
I'm sorry I waited as long as I did to buy my Echo. I'm still learning all it can do but so far I've added some TP Link outlets and light switches for convenience.
bought product for my 9yr old, it works fine for her,she is constantly on it and so far no compaints
This is a perfect size and weight. Everything is very clear, sharp and large enough to be comfortably readable.
Tablet is great does everythimg as it should. Great entry level tablet
I love this item. I have spent many hours of enjoyment with this item. I have bought 3, one for each spare bedroom in my house that doesn't have cable it allows my company to view TV without having to pay for cable boxes when no one is utilizing the bedrooms year round.
I love the Echo. The speaker is good, and Alexa is very fast and efficient at answering queries and following instructions. I had the Echo less than a month before deciding to get an Echo Dot for my bedroom.
Easy to maneuver. And great case for protection. The battery does not keep a charge long but I'm used to the iPad.
Really love this device. Has all the bells and whistles. 4K view is awesome
Excellent way to view tv. Amazon Prime, Netflix & others. I've tried using the others and this is the best.
Cannot beat any amazon product. Especially the firetv box. Way faster
Amazon, did a good job with this box. The factory andriod allows for plug and use or modify it up!
I love my new kindle. It was a birthday gift to myself. Best decision I could have made. A lot of bells and whistle. I love it because it was to navigate. Heck, I am doing this review on my kindle.
Great! It's very good. I will buy it next time. Thanks.
Echo does as it says. I haven't gotten into all that it can do but happy so far.
PURCHASED THE FIRE BOX WITH THE INTENT OF GETTING A 4K TV.
Works great, I love it, best streaming box I've ever had.
Works great when connected directly to wifi router.
Didn't want to spend $200 on the Echo for someone who's not use to using a Bluetooth speaker. Great buy and functions well.
Bought this for my sister in law for Christmas. She can't put it down as she loves it so much. Great product for the price. Has everything she wanted on a tablet. Great beginner tablet and so easy for her to use.
I have had many tablets, Samsung, Asus and old Ipad. This Fire holds its own . The Silk system is not quite as speedy but the lack of bloatware is nice. There is a hack to get more google apps. It's light to hold, the ads are not invasive. I enjoy taking advantage of the Prime benefits. Simple to operate. Would recommend for everyday use and movie/reading music consumption.
Great bang for your buck. Great for taking to meetings.
This fire has a lot more options than the previous one I had purchased
Great to have to keep the kids occupied in the car.
First off this is cheaper than the Apple TV and it's better 10 fold and also it's able to play 4K format if you have a 4K tv it's got a sd card slot and you can plug a PS4 control through the USB it also has and use the PS4 remote to control the device and play the amazon games 2 it's awesome period buy it!!!!!!
Wouldn't be able to live without this box! It has never let me down.
Needed to replace the old Nook. Looked at the fire and was a little unsure. At this price though you get more than what you pay for. I travel alot for work and this has earned it's place in my travel bag. Well most of the time it's actually in my back pocket so I have quick access to it to get some reading done. For anything to be carried on my person during travel is high praise from me because that means it has value and importance.
The screen is big and clear. Takes good pictures kids love it!
It is slick and a little hard to hold; otherwise it's great.
For someone on the go this is ideal for eliminating the hastle of always keeping your phone on a charger. Lasts several days if you have charged it!! Family member goes to school in Canada and always traveling. Ideal for this individual, works phenomenal. Will only take the charger supplied but if an additional is required you may substitute with others out there (ps4) if in a pinch it works.
Excellent reader night or day, sunshine or shade. Not as full function as earlier kindels
The price on this is great. There are a couple of issues I have with my Kindle but I think it's me not the device. Sometimes when I shut it off I have to hold down the power button as the box that comes up that says ok or cancel does not work for me. The other problem I have is sometimes it does not go back to where I left off in a book. I took it to the store and the tech I had look at it did not have these problems. Other that that I love it. I can travel with it instead of my bulky lap top and have access to my email, movies and books. I purchased a case for it that sets it up so I don't have to hold it and that made me like it even more.
It's Light weight,... easy to read in any light level ... especially outside, which is a nice improvement from my last one.
i got this tablet for traveling. Just games, reading, stuff like that so I didn't need anything fancy. It works but it lags on games and the battery life is horrible.
Very easy to use and I like the voice search. The Bluetooth headphones come in handy at night. We get to enjoy all the features with our prime account.
I only bought this because you can't get the origami case in this size. This one isn't as sturdy as the origami case and slides so that my kindle falls down a lot :(
I love the echo and adding the 2nd to our house has made it possible to synchronize our family. We use it to manage our shopping list and schedule everything. The echo also sounds great in the larger rooms.
Love it every one should have one easy to use but need other parts to set this up to lights in your home
Nice easy to read display, quick downloads of content. Reads great in bright sunlight and dark rooms.
You will never go wrong with the Amazon Fire Box! Lets you watch so much more then your cable box!
Product worked as described. No issues with performance, and it was a simple setup! Perfect for web browsing and videos.
Decent.......................................................................
Simple to use and setup for a 2 years old toddler.
I purchased both this and paperwhite, but it turns out I like it better than paperwhite even it cost me 20 bucks more.
This Fire Stick Model has expanded memory for storing photos and your favorite music collections.I would highly recommend this item.
This is a very good starter tablet. We have purchased several others that did not perform as well. The no-name brands do not have the clear display that this one does.
We love the Amazon Echo! The speakers sound great and it's so easy to ask for Alexa to play my music when I'm cooking, cleaning, etc. It's fun discovering all of the things she can do. We can't wait to get another one (or two.)
bought my 1st fire a couple of years ago, killed it, then saw the great sale price and had to get another
The new Fire TV has every streaming option that you can think of except VUDU. This is the only negative that we have found because we have over 100 digital copies of movies that have been either purchased or came with the blue-ray when we bought them. It is very convenient to not have to use the disc when we want to watch a movie. The Fire TV loses that convenience in that Amazon wants you to use their Prime service for digital movies. If you are going to subscribe to Amazon Prime then look no further than the Fire TV. If you have a large digital movie collection then I'd look to the Roku 4.
Great reading experience, always easy on the eyes!
Fun to use with the kids and works with a lot of products
Excellent alternative from cable. Easy to install and use. You don't need a high speed internet. The interface is very simple format. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is cutting the cord.
Literally rocks! Besides the home automation capabilities (tied in with my Harmony Hub and my SmartThings Hub), Echo is a great sounding speaker that will play you millions of songs from Amazon Prime Music.
Does what it says it does and is small and convenient!
Great with the speaker adds good sound to the other features
I have a 3 year old at home. Best purchase ever! Indestructible. Reliable. Easy to program. I would highly recommend this.
Perfect device for gaming apps and on-the-go streaming!
Christmas gift for 21 yr old son..He loves it Great price was only able to find white one at Best Buy. Great service at Fort MYERS FL store also
et me start by saying, please do not buy this tablet expecting it to be comparable to an Ipad or Samsung tablet. I think the people who expect that are the ones who are disappointed by its features.I personally love this tablet. I wanted a tablet so that I could read, check emails, watch shows ( Hulu, Netflix, AMC), shop online and do some web surfing. I am a pretty simple gal. I did not expect much when purchasing this tablet. I assumed the picture quality would be fairly poor, that it would load pretty slowly, and that I would be unable to download most of the apps I wanted. It wouldn't have bothered me, being that I believe you get what you pay for ( and I could not afford an Ipad or Samsung at the moment). Boy was I proven wrong.I was pleasantly surprised at the picture quality from the moment I turned it on. I have had other tablets ( and paid about the same) with terrible picture quality. I actually love watching my shows on this tablet because it is as if I am watching them on my television.This tablet loads pretty darn quickly. I have never had an issue with it loading slowly or getting stuck.I have been able to download EVERY app that I wanted, except Instagram ( oh well, no biggie). And me being the Amazon freak that I am, I was happy to see Amazon apps pre-loaded onto the tablet ( shopping, music etc. ). Speaking of music, the sound quality is pretty great too!I am very very happy with this purchase, it really is a steal. I would buy another for sure.
The Amazon fire tv work well and fast downloads many movies to watch
It works just fine.
This unit streams it all. Works great. No buffering. Easy to set and and use.
I love this 7" tablet. I can carry it anywhere. It is very easy to use. The ads don't bother me at all. Very happy with it. The shipping was fast especially being around Christmas!
Facinating product. A genius of a marketing tool for Amazon. Having a great deal of fun using Alexa.
Control it all with your voice, need I say more? Very user friendly and easy to set up. Once you start using Echo, you will wonder why you didn't before.
I only bought this as a travel companion when I fly. It was cheap and functional.
My son loves everything about it the songs the games and music videos
When i opened this tablet there was a white line in the bottom corner of the screen. Everything worked fine but that line was bothering me. I returned it to the store and got a replacement but it had another white line. Other than that it was a good tablet, it is very affordable
it was very easy to sit up and get it to working and plying games and down loading
I already had a kindle paperwhite but wanted to upgrade a bit
This is an excellent product for kids. There are lots of games, books (including interactive ones) and cartoons. I also like you can set a time limit for how long you want your child to play or use the Fire. The only downfall is the charger cable sucks.
It's a decent tablet, but keep the following in mind:- if you get this for your kids to share your amazon prime account for video and game apps, you have to lock it to prevent accidental purchases. Problem is that this prevents free app and video purchases, and you have to okay every thing they do. - if you allow them access to apps and video, then that can purchase anything without limits.On top of this, they lock out the google app store and refuse to even allow access to google drive. While you can hack it to add these basic features, you will need a modicum of technical knowledge to do so.So, it's useful, but a pain too. Your needs may vary.
Love it! Lightweight, great for outdoor reading, for travel and all around reading.
I bought this after I bought my Firestick, and this is faster. Works great with Netflix, easy to install and load, picture quality is fantastic.
Bought this tablet for my son, he loves it. Great investment
I love reading on the kindle Paperwhite in any light. Dark, Sun. It doesn't matter. Plus you can borrow Kindle Books from the library for FREE!
I enjoy many of the options, reading, email, etc. Very unhappy about the ads that hit you in the face first thing. I'm even more disappointed that I must pay 15.00 to remove them.
Great buy for my money great quality and durability
Easy to use for a beginner. This is my first tablet and I thought I'd have to take advantage of the free setup but I didn't . I love being able to take it with me so I can read while waiting places and not have to carry two books if I'm close to the end of one. I also love the camera. My personal camera was always low on battery power but now I can take my Kindle Fire with me and take photos when ever I want.
Perfect for my wife for her games; keeps them off her phone and much easier to work with ....
My step son never really used a tablet before and he has no problem picking this up and just using it.
Having owned numerous streaming devices - Apple TV, Chromecast, Roku, Fire TV stick and now Fire TV used on various TV sets in the house, I can say Fire TV is my favorite. The attractive interface and slick navigation, coupled with what I would consider excellent content, I truly enjoy my Fire TV the most. And future-proofed with 4K resolution just tops it off.
The Amazon echo began as basically a speaker for music. I waited until it started getting more and more features and skills before I bought it, but I'm glad I did. I actually bought 2 echo dots first, mainly for the home automation skills, but then decided to get the "big" echo to leave in the kitchen to use with both skills and to listen to music. It works great and the speaker is of decent quality.
I have since bought two Dots also, but the Alexa is the champ. Integrated with Insteon hub, thermostat, devices for whole house voice control also.
Fantastic! Our family has so much fun playing music, asking questions. So easy to use.
I purchased as a replacement E-Reader to my Alurek. I could not download E-books on to my new MacBook and do not want to read books on my MacBook. I love the size, feel and back light of the Paper White. Glad I purchased it.
It was a great product but I purchased it for the Slingbox app. Last week it just stopped working on all my Amazon Fire Sticks and Fire TV. They say they are working on it but it has been about a week with no resolution. I am not the only one with this issue it seems to affect them all. Before that it worked very well. Better than expected. Not sure if they are going to get this fixed or not. If they get his fixed I would rate it a 4 to 5.
Got this as a gift for my husband. He loves it! Easy to setup and is a nice piece of equipment. Awesome.
I love this tablet more than my Ipad! I bought this item for both my son's, ages 7 &8, they love them! They are inexpensive and very easy to use also easy to set parental controls. They play all thier favorite apps and games watch movies... for free. I wish there were more options or variety on protective cases. Otherwise, it's an awesome product for any age!
Great tablet for kids! Easy to monitor kids activity and set parental controls.
Love it very much thanks. I use my table for banking
Very clear HD video..love it and at a wonderful price
this is my second one and must have one of these at all times
This is a great tablet and you can't beat the price. I bought it to use with Amazon Prime Videos, but I now find myself using it for much more. The built in email client works great. If you want, and do a little research, it is easy to either side load apps from the Google PlayStore, or install the store app itself, allowing you to install the few apps that don't appear in the Amazon App Store.
i ENJOYED HOW IT TELLS ME MY CALENDARSCHEDULE AND PLAYS MUSIC FROM MY LIBRARY OF MANY SOURCES.CHECKING TRAFFIC TO MY OFFICE AND HAVING ALEXA READ TO ME ADDED JOYS.
Great, lightweight, easy to carry and great picture for reading.
We have tried TiVo, Roku and Fire...... Fire is the best by far. I like the menu and available apps!
You get what you pay for, or so they say. We purchased 3 and 1 of the tablets has started to fail. Mind you my daughter has used it for a week. We have had to reboot it 2 times now. Of course we googled the issue and were able to fix the problem ourselves. It goes completely black. Other 2 tablets are perfectly fine so far.
Great size. Works with all apps. No issues yet. Would buy more.
I bought both this and the fire stick. I like the box better becuase it has more storage than the stick. It's also easy to use and operate. All in all I think it's a good purchase and would recommend it.
Great Xmas gift, every one loved it. It came within 2 days of ordering.. I should have ordered one for myself.
I ordered two of these tablets, one for 4 yr old, and another for mom. It is not user friendly, difficult to use and full of advertisements even when not online. Comes with games that kids enjoy, but very limited on other application options. Book ordering requires monthly subscriptions. We have purchased another product for mom, and the 4 yr old quickly got bored with the limited options, and I got frustrated trying to navigate.
I stick with Google home for better value and sound quality
This is our 3rd Kindle. We have 2 fires and one kids fire
I was worried that it would have lag, but it didn't. I got this to replace my Kindle paperwhite (Which I still LOVE), because I wanted to be able to listen to the audio on the books as well. IT's a great little tablet that does so much of what I wanted it to do. The stand by time and play time are better than I thought they would be as well. I LOVE the blue light filter, although that takes time to get used to it if your not already accustomed to that sort of thing. The only other thing I really don't care for is the fact you can not easily add Google play store.
These are things are awesome. I have two now. I highly recommend this over the fire stick version. I have a fire stick that I only use when traveling.
I absolutely positively Love my Kindle Fire! It is the best of both worlds being a Kindle & a Inexspensive Tablet!
The Echo has the best integration in to Amazon for shopping purposes. It also some excellent integration with other smart devices such has Logitech Harmony and Smart Things. However, it is not quite as intuitive as the Google Home device or able to answer as many questions. So, overall, good for home automation. Not so much for asking general questions.
The tablet works well and the silicon pumper cover is great for gripping.
ok i did like the product very much thank you for ok
Ni problem at all. Run good easy to use. The remote very usefull
Great non cheap looking tablet at a bargain compared to other brands.
Excellent for minor task. Excellent for Video watching.
Great product. This is my 2nd Kindle paperwhite. Compared prices and this was the best one I found.
Upgraded from an older model AppleTV to this, couldnt be happier with the amount of features and apps available. Voice search is surprisingly great!
Good, but not overall as capable or comprehensive as I was hoping. Will continue to explore capabilities and Apps.
This is my second Kindle and I love it. It's lightweight, simple, and fast. It's convenient for trips and fits in my bag without weighing it down.
I got this tablet for my 6 year old grand daughter and I must say it was a great decision. She used her tablet for learning and fun. I watch her play her games on her tablet, listen to her favorite music and watch her movies. She has no problem using her tablet, she has even taught me how to operate her Amazon Fire Kids Edition tablet
Good quality & worth the price!! We are happy!!!!!
I bought this for a Christmas gift for my mom and she liked it a lot.
I bought this for a security camera display.I downloaded the app, connected the 2 devices and it is working out great.
Nice tablet for reading articles and downloading books. A downside is Amazon limits some of the apps that are available. For the price it's a good buy for my purpose.
I bought the fire because I had heard it was a good tablet. So when I bought it, I was wondering if it lived up to the hype. It does. Its fast and easy to use. I put Netflix on it and watch series I missed. Only downside is that I had to register for a trial of prime.
Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
This deal it very convenient for Little ones all in one set
This is a great reader for the constant traveler like my self
THE BEST EQUIPMENT EVER I WILL RECOMMENDED TO A FRIEND
Its a great tablet, mostly use for web browsing and book reading. Great value!
It even does simple math problems. Who needs a calculator when you have Alexa.
Got for my 9 year old grandson. Durable & plenty fast for his games. No more squenting to see his phne
Love this Alexa! Great sound! Technology has come a long way!
#NAME?
Easy to install and use! Love it. I am tired of being gouged by cable.
Bought this for my 82 year old dad. It was to complicated for him to use. I couldn't figure enough of it out to be able to explain it all to him in the time I was visiting him. Returned and bought a different kind.
I had purchased a Fire HD about a year ago from Amazon so this was a second. It is not in constant use, but I can take the pictures of receipts when I need them, and have it as a inexpensive backup. Backups are really important.
Always read paperback books so I didn't know if I would like this but I do alot
Very great product very great product very great product
Really cool tech!!! I like the versatility of this item. I would recommend to everyone!!
This is a nice little tablet for many purposes. You can browse the net, play games with friends, map out your trips, or find a nice cozy little corner and read a book.
I have one of the original kindles (I believe its the second version) with no back light so I thought I might like this one. Although I still prefer paper books for the most part, this is a nice addition. I think, however, that it should cost less for what it does.
It is okay I guess, but not very user friendly. I probably wouldn't recommend to a friend for this reason
So far so good. Inserted the micro SD card into my tablet and it works fine. I must say that it took 6 days to get here. If they had put it into the US mail, it would have been 3 days. UPS took forever and then they gave it to the USPS. DUH??!!! Amazon is better on shipping.
Bought for son. Loved it. Now daughter wants one. Easy to use, and looks good in house.
Absolutely worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Simple to set up. Simple to use. Great display with a quick system to back it up.
I use it at home instead of a computer. I gave it four stars instead of five because it seems to lose wifi frequently. However this could be due to house wifi issues. The tablet is fast and easy to use. Love the ease of downloading books.
It's fun to have but you need a lot of extras to get the most out of it. I wasn't really ready to buy the subscriptions (Spotify) and other things you need to get everything out of it but maybe I'll work my way up to it.
I bought this for my three-year-old and he loves it
Brought this for my daughter she loves it. Really like that she can make her own profile for all her pbs kids and Disney jr apps.
nice product with low price.i will recomend to my friends.working good.
I have purchased three of these tablets. I owned one for myself and fell in love with it. I use it to watch movies, play games and for facebook. It came with under ground access to lots of free apps. I loved my fire tablet so much that I bought my two daughters each one also for xmas. I got them on black Friday. They love them so much also.. They mostly use them for netflix and youtube and to play minecraft. This is the perfect small tablet, easy to set up and use.
Works well when it works...sometimes it seem not to want to "wake" up
The Echo allows you to pipe music through any room in your house. And you can use it for an alarm clock or radio.
I am so glad I purchased these. We can get all of our favorite movies!!!!
Best E-reader on the market. Screen is crisp and clear and everything just works great
This tablet is great for a first time tablet owner, just smaller than my current one.
Finally a woman who listens to me ;) Great sound from the speaker and great voice recognition. My third echo and I'm loving all it can do.
For the features and the price i got it for on black Friday I can't complain.
Hands free dimming of lights. Music on demand. Podcasts, weather forecasts, and news in a glowing circular flash. I wish Alexa could do a task at the set time. "Play Flash Briefing at 6:15 a.m. every weekday" gets a stumped response. But Alexa can do multiple repetitive alarms so its surely just a matter of time.You should get an Echo but wait for a sale. Then maybe get two Echos.
I have been using this reader for a couple of months, and I am wondering how come I waited so long to buy one!
No complaints. I use it mostly for music. If you want it for daily amazon deals you have to turn on 1 click order. Not sure if I like that feature.
Bought on sale for $40. Good portable 7" tablet for email, web browsing, etc. while traveling.
the product is great for 4k tvs and normal tvs for the price its pretty good
I got this to give voice activation to a Phillips Hue
This is an easy wHen to cut your cable bill and easy to set up. Programming is as easy as using your smartphone.
Great tablet. Fast and easy to use. Got it as a black Friday sale thinking it was going to be a slow out of date tablet, but was surprised at how much I like it and use it. No lag, no bugs, has yet to freeze and great battery life.
.. I bought four of these tablets two of them I need to return because as soon as my nephew's turn them on there were problems with screen being almost completely white and black in the corners you can't see anything I've checked the settings it's not the city it's the tablet SMH I am disappointed
These were gifts for my grown children for Christmas. They were extremely pleased and loved them. Haven't had their laptops out since receiving these tablets. Very convenient and easy to use.
I bought this for my mom for Mother's day. It is easy to use and she likes to play games and read books with it. You can do lots more as well. This is a great product for a nice price.
Easy to use wide variety of functions awesome price
I love the Kindle Fire, it is wonderful for playing games and watching movies
This device is not as great as advertised. It does not do as many things as expected and you have to go to a lot of trouble to do otherwise
I bought this item for my boyfriend, he loves it he loved it so much he bought a few for Christmas gift thank you
The new Amazon Fire tablet is surprisingly good, especially for the price. The performance is good, the size is good, and the weight is good. The biggest new feature is the expandable memory slot, which is something new for this generation of Fires.There are a few downside issues, however. First, the screen has splotchy illumination from the edge lighting. There are numerous light/hot spots around the edge, especially at the bottom where the menu bar is. After a while you get used to it, but compared to other higher priced tablets it's annoying.The software library is the second biggest issue. Amazon has done a decent job in adding new software, but it's app store is nowhere near as robust as the Google and Apple stores.The last issue I have is the 90 day warranty, but that is how they keep the cost down.Amazon developed the Fire tablet to sell other Amazon products, and this tablet seems to have hit a proper balance between that and usability. Web browsing is much better than my first Kindle Fire, and I think better than browsing on an iPad. The app that surprised me the most is the e-mail client, and how easy it is to use. In my opinion, it's a LOT better than the native e-mail client on the iPad, or a Windows tablet.If the build quality as good as a iPad or Samsung tablet? No, not even close, but for $50 it's pretty good device if you don't mind dots of light around the edge.
As advertised. Works with Nest, spotify. Just wish it would work when on volume 10 (highest) with voice Command.
I recently bought an Amazon Fire Tv, because we're planning on getting rid of our cable service. However, when I got it home I realized my current Tv's are too old to use it. I can't say how it's working yet simply because now I have to upgrade my tv's.
I got it for my nephew and he very loves it.Great
The tablet is mainly used by my 9 year old daughter .... Easy to use!
Great product compact and easy to get around in. Was able to download almost all my favorite apps
At the price it is almost an impulse buy. I wanted a tablet for an upcoming trip to watch some movies, read, etc and this was at a price point that made the decision really easy. If you are used to an iPad, the Fire HD is a little disappointing but it costs considerably less. It fit my needs but I felt some slugginess and several instances of needing to reboot to get certain apps to work correct. If you go in with the understanding this isn't an iPad replacement this should fit the bills for you. Let's just say, after my trip I purchased an iPad Pro and this item will likely be handed off to one of my children. If you have Amazon Prime, you do get some nice perks that make this a really nice item.
I use the echo to control all my smart home appliances (lights, thermostat, remote, cameras, etc...). It is so much easier than using the apps. I have 2 as well as the Tap.
I bought this tablet for it's inexpensive price and quality. it's meant to be a portal to be able to purchase more products from Amazon and services but it really is a high-quality product.
Perfect size, great in all lighting situations. Easy to hold, handle and transport. Makes reading even better!
Christmas gift for my nieces & they absolutly loved them.....
I use my Amazon Echo everyday, and I am loving it !
I knew about this from its crowd funding start and wish I had jumped on board then. This is an excellent platform to start home automation and the entertainment value is a welcome bonus! Even my 88 year old mother-in-law can use it! The sound quality is great and the listening range is amazing. I can tell Alexa to turn off a connected light upstairs from upstairs.Note, it does not work with Google Play yet. I have hope that it will in the future.
Got this tablet for $39 dollars. Perfect for travel and kids!
I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.
Fire TV has all the apps I need to use. It has games and movies you can watch on it. The remote has a microphone command to find things on the TV.
Was happy to get the toy for my son for Christmas and they won't stop playing it
I was looking to purchase a tablet for my kids so they could work on homework. This is just what they need in terms of capability and size. It is a great tablet for the price.
Great for kids. My grandson (5 years) is very happy with it
Would recommend to everyone. Good buy and does what I needed.
Now that you don't have to actually tap it to get the full function out of it, its great. Have the original Echo, and the Dot also. Wish I had only bought two of these, the charge is great and we take it wherever we want to go.
Good product good service...attended real good.Find product ok.
Amazon likes to push their content and this tablet shows that. A good amount of ads distract users at time. But overall a good tablet for a child to get entertained with.
The kindle fire is a great tablet, you can do lots with it and it seems well made.
I enjoy my kindle and would recommend to anyone. There is a good choice of books and reading material also.
The price may be attractive, but not worth to buy. After seeing tabs like iPad, Nexus and others, you wouldn't be willing to use it as the display is just 1024 x 600 pixels, touch is not very smooth, not so good customized apps/games (though there is a way to install all Android apps). The build quality is good though.
Bought this for myself at Christmas as a replacement for my older version. This one has clearer graphics but I find the build to be way cheaper and definitely a great deal thinner..felt to flimsy to me.
not as big as the fire box yet its not that much slower, very satisfied
Enjoy that it has the light so I can read at any time and in any light. Only gave 4 stars because there is always room for improvement.
I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite. No glare no matter where I am reading. It is lightweight and the right size to take along in my purse. I had never had a kindle before and I am amazed with it!
Great little tablet for around the house . It is only WiFi capable but it is inexpensive $35.00 bfs. I use it to catch up on emails, recipes, calculator, games and so much more when I just don't feel like starting up the desk top computer. It's portable and convenient! So happy the BestBuy employee Jessica Lee suggested it, she was awesome. To think I only came in to buy a movie.
This tablet is quick and as good as my iPad! I use the tablet specifically for one aspect of my life and it performs great! I am pleasantly surprised by its performance!
Easy to use with all the functionality she needs. Perfect size for her little hands
I love it so far, no problems, easy setup and lots of skills to add on. Plan on using it extensively with home automation.
I have enjoyed just learning how to use it. You're never too old to learn new things.
Pick up 2 for my girls who are preteens, and for the price it does everything plus more. I can monitor them without them knowing. Links straight to your amazon account, would highly recommend this.
This is great technology. I can even order from it.
The Echo is overall about what I expected, except that it's not very friendly with free music sites that I use often on other devices with no issues. Amazon obviously wants you to sign up Prime in order to get music from them. It also will not allow you to use Spotify's free service, only Premium. You can set up some of the other free sites, but that has to be done on the Alexa account. It's just a pain.
Easy to use and similar to using a book. Love it! I would buy again!
This is actually my second one in 2 years due to my boyfriend taking ownership of the first one.
Love this Kindle. Worth the extra little bit to have the backlight. Very easy to use and worth every penny!
My grandkids love this tablet. Very easy to use and navigate through. Best Buy was awesome because after we bought the tablets (3) they were on sale at another store and Best Buy refunded the difference.
This is the third Vizio TV I've had, all still working, even after nine years of almost continuous service
Fun gadget that has more uses than I realized. A++
I was looking for a table that felt right for my child. Loves to read book they already have an app for books and we can browse easily.
This is my second one. I love it. The price was great. Bought one for my daughter.
Was reviewing offers across all the sites and ended buying from BestBuy. Service was fast as expected. Product was packed properly.
This is the second tablet I've purchased aimed for little ones and it's by far the best. Easy to access his games and plenty of preloaded games, videos and apps. It makes road trips so much happier!
This is a great tablet for the price. Skip all the other cheap tablets and get a kindle. You won't regret it.
Echo works flawlessly, its voice recognition to respond to requests is great. Just purchased a second one for the upstairs.
Bought this tablet for one of my kids for Christmas. Super easy to use, and solid parental controls so I can make sure they don't access anything they shouldn't or make purchases.
I have the Amazon stick and wanted a little more speed and storage which this was just great for.
i am hoping will we happy with this fire tablet,, have a kindle fire from 2 years ago i really like, but this is so cheap am a little worried, but heard good things and that it is a bang for the buck! hope so! :)
I bought this tablet to replace another one that had died. it works of my purposes but one thing to note this is an Amazon device and does not have google play services installed. all apps come from amazon market.
i bought them for my grand kids.they will enjoy them ask for a computer for christmas
I enjoy it it connect fast it's small but I needed something I can put on my purse
Speaker and microphone works great. Works great with Samsung Smarthings. Search engine results could be better. I haven't had much luck at controlling my Dish Hopper consistently, but I may be doing something wrong on my end since I haven't used it with Dish very often.
My wife has had several Amazon Fire tablets. They all have one major flaw. Visibility in direct sunlight. This product addresses that issue. The Paper White screen is perfect for the days at the pool
Wonderful product! I really enjoy the big screen. Highly recommend this product for anyone wanting a good video viewing experience or utilizing Kindle Books with large format pages.
I recently cut the cord to my cable and use the Fire TV as my streaming box for PlayStation Vue it works great easy set up, I just wish it had HDR
My daughter loves this thing move than us she lives in it!
The Voyage, when it worked, was great - the page turns make the reading experience seamless and the ink is crisp, making it a real upgrade from the Paperwhite. That said, it started to freeze up quickly after I got it. Hopefully this is a software issue that will be resolved soon (and the price of early adoption, sometimes), because overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the (working) Voyage.
Love my kindle. Good idea to save some space around the house . The size is great for my bad eyes .
My grandchildren enjoy their Fire. It is great for any educational problems
Easy to setup. My wife enjoys listening to Christian music while working. It has been a great buy!
Love this box, plenty of power for my 60in tv, beautiful picture and sound. Key features for me were the internet hardline even though the wifi in this unit works great and the usb. Easily add on a usb keyboard to make your experience that much better.
I'm happy with the latest edition of the Amazon Fire TV. Uses Amazon's digital services seamlessly and has good app support.
It gives me a lot of fun and easy to find what you're looking for something and you don't know what you want!
I originally bought this tablet for myself. But my kids quickly saw the appeal and started using it. It's been a great purchase and my kids have had a lot of fun with it. And the prices is really unbeatable.
After using the amazon fire tv for about two months, I can say that this is an excellent streaming device. I connected the fire TV to through the Yamaha receiver to my TV, therefore I get a perfect 5.1 sound. Amazon service is acceptable except the fact that they kind of force you to buy different subscriptions or buy movies if you want to watch the new stuff on the market. But here is the good news, you can use the device even without an amazon subscription - with Netflix, PBS, and so many other downloadable applications. With an 128 GB USB flash drive formatted in FAT32, this device may become an ideal player connected to your TV
It's a nice tablet that has lots of apps from the Amazon market and if you're an Amazon Prime member you get a lot more videos/music/etc. to enjoy as well.
At ninety dollars, the expectionations are low, but this is still a very good table, it's good for light use like watching videos or web browsing, but the camera is a bit lacking, and at certain times the device can freeze or lag. Overall this is a good tablet for $90, I would recommend this to anyone on a budget.
It is easy to use, economical, and perfect in size for a college student, but isn't good for HD my daughter said.
it a lot different from the Roku . but it get the fob done
Loved my fire box so much I had to get 3! I'll def recommend
This is actually my second one. If you are between this or the echo dot -buy this unless you need the smaller size of the dot. The dot speaker is very poor, but you can connect to a Bluetooth speaker. But the speaker in this one is super!! Sounds as good as my Bose speaker
Easy to set up. Sound is clear and works well in a medium size room.
Purchased for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas, I don't think she's put it down ever since. I also downloaded Skype (to replace facetime) so that she can speak to relatives through video.
Bought this for the daughter with an eyesight/ learning disability. Loved it as I could change the size of text and the color of the background.
We can watch movies and tv shows in 4K, great picture quality.
I love the Echo...tells me the weather, makes my shopping list, and plays music as I request. I didn't give it an excellent rating because products like this can always be improved on, but it's definitely a must have in your home and for the price, you can't beat it!
I bought 2 of these on Black Friday becasue the price was amazing! I kept one for myself and gave the other one away as a raffle prize for our Christmas party. The recipient was really excited to get it and I like mine so far. It was pretty awesome to be able to get a reputable tablet for such a low price. Awesome buy!!!
I've had a previous Kindle before, and it needed to be replaced. I'm glad I put it off...until this gem happened to come out. I still can't believe that for the price of a random, often low quality tablet (done that too) you get...a KINDLE. Yes, it's a smaller screen and not quite HD like I've been spoiled with, but the resolution is still fantastic, the speed is amazing, and customer service if it needs to be looked at has a turn around of 2-3 days... (I had a minor issue with preparing of microSD apps being slow, but I just decided to deal with it.)
Great for little kids the case on it is amazing. My daughter loves it. Only thing I would change is the sound a little louder and screen a little bigger.
I spend a lot of time at the lake and love to read. I enjoy being outdoors and sitting on the dock reading. It was always impossible with my phone or iPad, which I still love! This is just amazing, like reading a "paper book" without having to hold it "open"! Love the clarity!!!
My 3 year old son loves it he will not put it down for the world!
Item arrived within estimated delivery date. Package received in good condition. Product performs as advertised in its description.I feel it is a must for kindle owners or any e-reader for that matter. I find myself reading in areas far out of reach of my computer so having an outlet charger becomes a necessity. I would recommend it to any kindle owner.
Has meet all my needs plus some. Recommend you buy a good stylus pen at the same time.
Wonderful tablet to use while traveling or at home. Great for books, movies, and music. For the price, it can't be beat!
Love the speaker and the assistance of Alexa. Was trying to choose between this and a regular Bluetooth speaker and this was a better choice for my needs.
My 10 year old daughter loves it. Battery great to
Love being able to play all original Nintendo games
I love it and it is very easy to use I take it every where I go
The item works great love it. Would recommend this item to coworkers and family.
Gave this to in laws as a Christmas gift. It was by far the gift of choice!!
doesnt do me any good without a cord to go with it
Great gift for the whole family. I like the music most of all. Tells jokes and answers all your questions. Bought one for a gift and one for myself.
I purchased it for my cousin. It is a nice starter tablet for a child. Easy to use. Easy to set up.
This tablet is a great back up tablet for the money............
I purchased this as a drawing for my business. Everyone was very excited about the prize.
All my grand kids have one is the best entertainment for all my 7 grad kids, from 5 to 19 years old. I love this product.
We did not know it would cost so much to add the necessary extras to make this work the way we want.
It's really amazing to know that when I think of a task, I can ask and it be accomplished. Looking forward to integrating the Echo into my lifestyle.
I wasn't sure if I needed this, since I heard some are good some are not worth it if you own a smart phone! But, I bought one anyway! I now own two Alexa's. One for the living room and one for my bedroom. I love the simplicity of having two!!
I really like it, it's working out quite well for me wish I had bought one a lot sooner
Love being able to have and use. Really wanted it.
It was affordable and it works great I hope it stays that way
It works great, its just not quite what I wanted for my daughter.
It has some learning to do but its great to have it play my amazon music anywhere.
Great sounding Bluetooth speaker. With the Alexa feature I listen to Kindle books that are not available as audio books
Christmas gift for a family member. They love it. It was easy and quick to set up for them. It will be practical to use at home and to travel.
Works as described, happy with the purchase.got another one for the room ..
It's a great tablet, I ended up buying two more!!!
Great tablet for kids. Good for Netflix and YouTube.
make sure you buy a micro sd card with at least 64 gb of memory. or you will have to constantly delete old items.
So, I won't be able to go into super depth for this. I only needed a device to run one app. For my purposes, it literally has one job.I can say, for the price, it's far more responsive that I would have ever guessed. And the screen clarity is great. Good battery life.I was disappointed that the lock screen would always show ads. I don't have the package, and I don't recall it being forward with this fact. In the settings, I said I had to pay $15 to disable ads because "in exchange for the subsidized price, they can do ads" or something like that.I kinda get that, and for most people this may not be a big deal. But for my reasons, this is a bit unprofessional to have. So when buying it, whatever the price, you may have to shell out $15 more.Still, all said and done, good price for simple needs.
You get what you p ay for and more for this tablet. I would only go with a kindle or an ipad and who wants to pay 4-6 times as much when kids are hard on things.
If your tv is not a smart tv and you don't have a gaming system this is the appliance for you! Easy installation and very portable so you don't even see it!
Our kids ranging from 4-12 like this product. It's very versatile for all ages
Bought this for my grand-daughter as a replacement for her Toshiba pad--same size and features. Seems to work as well or better. Small cost and Best Buy has inexpensive add'l warranty.
I had it for two months and I start loving to read.
It's ok, I didn't know that I would have to pay for movies
Got this to replace my son's cheaper tablet. It is well worth the extra money. He loves it.
Incredible value for the price! And it's the perfect size. Try one out at Best Buy and you'll see what I mean!
I was iffy about choosing between this kindle and the newer one. This kindle has gotten me to read more and I love it. That's why I bought it. No flaws in it, exactly what I wanted!
seems to do all that it says it can do and is durable
Bought for my 2 yr old grandson.. and he loves it has a lot of learning numbers alphabet and shapes
Love this tablet. Easy to use. Battery life great!
This thing in unbelievable.. Why did I wait so long to buy!??
good product for the price very good if your an amazon prime memberkodi works somewhat ok with it
Bought this tablet for a family member who isn't very tech-savvy. Wasn't terribly pleased to see how overflowing the OS is with Amazon ads and services, but I suppose that's how they keep the costs so low on an extremely affordable tablet. Look up how to download the Google Play Store on this tablet to get even more usage out of it. With that addition, it works great, and they love it.
So far have enjoyed using the device. Have not found a serious application for it yet, but enjoy what we have tried so far.
Just what you would expect from Amazon. Holds a charge well and does everything you would expect.
Somewhat awkward to setup in Canada but once done it is an amazing source of useful features. Enjoy the link to my Spotify subscription and some of the new apps that are created for the Echo. It even has a sense of humour and sharp answers to stupid questions. Well worth the price.
This was a great purchase. I love the size and functionality.
This piece of electronics is amazing. Alexa can answer questions for you, give you weather and news updates, and play your favorite music. Have had the unit several weeks and am very pleased with it.
The Amazon Fire TV is very easy to setup works faster than Fire Stick because of a Ethernet connection.
Love the great deal on this tablet. Black friday deal
Amazon's Free Time is a great tool for parents, making this a very good tablet for young kids. You can control when the Kindle turns off at night and when it can be turned on in the morning. You can control how many hours it can be used before shutting down, or you can specify hours by activity--books, videos, and apps/games. You can even set goals, such as 1 hour of books before allowing videos and games. And you control exactly what content they can access. And when your kid's not using it, you can use it yourself with your own unrestricted profile.
The Amazon Kindle is very good for kids and adults. I recommend this tablet to every one and it's very affordable.
Grate product! I would definitely recommend! Say good bye to cable!!!
I love this tablet. It does everything you want it to. And for a great price!
Great graphics and lots of apps and memory for the price.
Happy i used for play games is ver y fast At camera
Love this tablet, great price and is really fast. Is worth every penny.
Bought this for our granddaughter. She absolutely loves it! Easy for her to learn how to operate.
Excellent product. Got for my mother n law. She loves it
Great quality sound. Very easy to use. I can connect to almost everything in my house.
I'm loving how easy it is to load my paper white with books and take it along on a trip or to the pool. I've used it on a recent cruise and it was perfect; I could read at night in the cabin and not wake my husband since I didn't need to turn on any lights. The ease of use has inspired me to read more, which is nice.
Very lightweight! Just as nice as the next one up that you can only buy online. Would recommend this to all my friends and family,
Can't wait to pair with smart items, a little large but ok
Wanted to replace my fire stick and it was on sale
Bought this for access to Amazon programming and I'm liking it better than my Apple TV. I don't have the newest Apple TV, so I can't comment on that product, but this one is fast and has a couple of key buttons on the remote that make navigating easier than my apple. I also love the 4K content streaming perfectly!
We bought Amazon Echo for my mother's Christmas gift. She is not that tech savy and she was able to set up Alexa on her own. She loves Alexa and talks to her all day. For Mom, Alexa is amazing.
The reason I bought this model kindle was for the backlight to read at night. The internet connectivity is great too. I've been reading a Russian history book and use the dictionary and Wikipedia lookup often to look up people and places with ease.
Like it its very easy to understand,clear to read,easy to access to the websites.
Bought for a friend and checked it out after purchase is a very neat machine.
my son had a nabi we bought for learning & entertainment. there were many games we downloaded that didnt work without internet or would shut down randomly on it. But we habe yet to encounter a problem with the fire! i download games and books for him to read which work just great without having to be connected to the internet.
Waiting to see what developes .So far so good. Hooked in now
So far, I've enjoyed all that the Fire TV has to offer and its functionality. It's very responsive and loads shows/movies/music instantly. The only thing that is annoying, is that the remote will intermittently not work. If I tap the remote, take out then reinsert the battery, it will work again. I've tried replacing "new batteries with "new batteries" with the same result. Not sure if it's a glitch with emitting diode signal from the remote to the unit. It's not very frequent, so I tend to over look it. The unit and the remote will occasionally go through software updates, so I'll see if that takes care of it first.
This was a purchase for Christmas! Great tablet to surf the web or read books on! Would recommend for any age!
This has a great menu and its a lot easier to find then the apps on the tv. Its much quicker then the fire stick
Works as expected, simple setup and works perfect!
It has a lot of potential that I haven't tapped into yet but it's met my expectations so far.
I have the Echo and I just love it... I bought the Tap for my daughter for Christmas so she does not know she has it yet.
so far so good,,,, wife very happy. misses her old one....
My hole family loves it we don't even watch cable tv any more
Did a lot of research before deciding on the Amazon Fire. I actually bought a Roku which had a user friendly interface, but ultimately settled on this device since there seems to be more apps available. Good connectivity and ability to extend memory another plus.
We now have one for everyone in the family and no longer share. I would have no problem recommending this to a friend.
Device is great, easy setup (less than 10 minutes) and have had no issues. It's recommended to not be near walls, and will confirm, it works better away from walls.
The 8 is bigger and lighter weight than my old 7 and the battery life is longer. It also has more storage and a camera. Love it!
Decent product, great for kids, cheap enough that if it breaks it is not a huge deal
A friend told me about this item and it's a great deal !!
Fire tv is great!!! Easy to use!!!! I love that you can speak to give it commands
The device is fun to use and is nice for the family. I wish this model had the connection to other systems like the smaller version. Music is really nice and easy to play through the device.
I love reading my books on it. It is comfortable to hold for long periods of time. I have prime so the music is great. I carry it with me everywhere
great device for the price. good looking screen, quick and efficient. amazon app store isn't that bad either
We bought it for our kids and they love it its really easy for them to use it
Love my foxfire box. Easy to setup and works well!
We bought this Kindle Fire for our autistic grandson. He seemed to fight with it trying to connect to the internet. After 3 adults tried and tried to connect it to the internet, it finally connected. Every time he comes to our house, we have to fight again to get it connected. We decided this was not the unit for him or any other kid. So, its back to the mini I-Pad.
I have several Fire tv boxes and they all very good for streaming Amazon, Netflix and others. If you have a 4k tv this box will delight you with the ability to stream 4k content.Great buy!!!
The Kindle Paperwhite is my first ereader and I love it. It works as advertised and is very easy to navigate. I haven't tried it in bright sunlight yet but have had no difficulty seeing the screen in all other situations. It is lightweight and easy to hold. I have a cover on it which I find increases the grip.
I have really enjoyed this device. It works very well. Only thing I was disappointed with was that when I bought it the cashier at Best Buy said if I found it cheaper in another store, or online that would give me the difference in the money. I did find it cheaper online but the manager refused to give me the difference of $15. I suggested they not tell customers they would honor a cheaper price when they won't really do it.
Great tablet for streaming ! good internet connection along with a nice display
Its very fast and offers 4k video. Allows you to download 3rd party software to the device. Can't beat it.
Not indispensable, but handy. Set alarms, timers, make shopping lists. Could easily expand applications with extra hardware
I love that it is lightweight and easy to use. My local librarian showed me how to borrow e-books and it is so simple to do. Perfect for me.
I own 2 Echos and 3 Echo Dots. I gave my black Echo to my mother in law who is in a retirement place. She cannot see well so she uses "Alexa" to listen to music and read books from my Amazon Prime account. I replaced my beautiful, tall, black Echo with an Echo Dot on my desk and use a Bluetooth speaker to get great sound. The White Echo is downstairs in my wife's office. We have one Dot in the bedroom one in the family room. Alexa hears commands from the closest Echo and performs almost flawlessly. The tall Echos have wonderful speakers with tremendous bass. You can even tell the tall echos to set volume from 1 to 10 (max). Great product.Echo accesses my Pandora account as well as some smart devices around the house.
Excellent and affordable product. It came as advertised. Not top of the line, but not at the end of the line. More than a fair product. Good and fast.Can handle almost all thrown at it. Resolution is passable.
Amazon makes great products it's that simple ,clean graphics
My wife purchased this tablet for my sister birthday. She really loved her tablet
can"t go wrong with this item it" a great investment the price is right great streaming.
this does everything and more the older, more expensive Kindles. I'm not sure I need my ipad or laptop any more.
I absolutely love my new kindle tablet!! I love the size and feel of it. It has auto blue shade. I can set it for what time I want it to dim.
She loves it and it's easy for her to use. Perfect for the younger child growing into adulthood.
Overall is a good product but sometimes you have to repeat commands several times
Great item, did away with cable. I need to purchase 4 more.
My husband needed a new kindle and he can do so much with it.
good for light user. I bought 49+tax. It is worth than price.
... and anywhere else! I love it. For the first time since I've had a Kindle, I can finally read it outside. Great for reading NYT on Sunday mornings by the pool!
I dont like ads, amazon needs to find a better way to advertise.
I love it, It is by far way better than Apple TV and Chromecast!
My echo is great! Great for entertaining. We put it in a large room and it easily fills it with sound!
Purchased two of these tablets for Christmas presents (10 yr old and 7 yr old children). Had researched them prior to buying so new what they were capable of and what they weren't. Pleasantly surprised with overall performance and durability. No, they are not iPads, didn't expect them to be, but at a sixth of the cost they do their job extremely well.
This is a great product. But, may not be worth the extra money. You can likely get away with buying the Fire Stick.
GreAt Sceen love to watched movies and my favorite tv snows!!
Just the right size for reading. Backlight great for low light reading or no light. Quick book downloads. Kindle lending library is also cool If you're a prime member. You can also e-mail yourself a PDF to the device which is sent to an email assigned to the same.
My 1 year old loves his tablet. He knows how to utilize it very well. It needs a better camera.
I bought this for my husband, so he would quit turning the light on to read in the middle of the night. It is a great value for what I needed
This is a good product that has great sound and is fun to have around the house. Wish the product worked more with some of the apps on my phone like Napster.
So far, so good. I'm quite pleased with the purchase. I had an early version of Kindle (pre-touch screen) and I didn't anticipate that added feature would make that much difference but it is so nice. I still like hard copy books but reading on the Kindle Fire is quite enjoyable.
Perfect for face timing with family. Perfect for travel.
Amazon Fire TV is use easy to use. I has everything you need and tons of apps!
I got it for my god son and he loves it .it's east use to
I have a couple of iPads and decided to get this for general browsing, movie watching etc. Very pleased with the overall package. An added bonus is the very nice Amazon integration.
He loves it.. Internet faster and has a lot of space I would recommend price great!!
amazing device with useful features. Adds/updates amazon cart so fast and even checking out is fairly simple
I bought this tablet as a gift for a preteen to purchase ebooks . So far it's been working good. Good price good starter tablet.
Note, the information on the Best Buy site is wrong, this is not a 4G device but rather a 3G device. It really makes no difference but just for clarity, lets get it right. Very light and small e-reader with a very good display and the squeeze functionality for page turning is a nice addition. Not a revolutionary device but evolutionary.
Perfect gift. My family love it! Have one in each of the rooms.
Very easy to set up with an Amazon prime account. Haven't had to pay anything, great for small kids. Like the protective cover that goes on this device
so much to watch at your leisure when and how you choose.. and its much cheaper than over priced cable or static satellite. . this is definitely the future of watching television..
easy hook up no fuse no hassle just plane easy plays music nice and loud the speakers are nice no distortion i enjoy it very must im glade i purchase this item
I never used to read books, until I got my kindle I have read over 10 books in a few months
Every time it was turned on and Every time I went to the Internet I had advertisement. If I'm going to pay money for something I certainly don't want advertisement along with it. If it were free okay fine advertise to me.The advertisement could not be shut off. I returned it.
I purchased this for my wife for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Only downfall is you must purchase prime to get really any music.
Have owned several roku models and now trying firetv. Definite improvement especially after recent software upgrade. Works great with my prime account & amazon video library.
We got this for our 9 yr old daughter and its perfect for her. There hasn't been any issue with the games and educational apps she uses.
Meets the needs. very well designed and a good place to start for reading ebooks and watching online shows on the go.
This tablet can be summed up in four words.Phenomenal performance/minimal cost
I love this kindle. Everything is so much bigger and good for road trips
The Alexa accessory is very accurate and handy for music and searching. Very good options for movies, tv series and children's programming
Wish I would 've bought this sooner. I would get rid of cable if I could find a way to watch sports on it, but for everything else its great. would highly recommend.
I initially went to buy a speaker just to listen to music around the house but I was talked into getting this instead. Best choice ever! Not only do I listen to my music I also play games, listen to all the unusual facts she spews out, I ask her questions when I'm trying to cheat on my jeopardy game on my phone, I use it as a reminder for all my shopping items that randomly come to my mind everyday! I literally take her everywhere I can connect to wifi! I don't have anything negative to say other than I kinda wish it was portable and didn't have to be plugged in everywhere but I guess that's what the tap is for right ? I would recommend 100%! Also fun fact I love when a commercial comes on about the product and she hears her name she responds it was quite funny when it initially happened!
I had been researching ways to forego using cable television in the future and it seems this was good start. Haven't quite figured it all out yet but so far, so good.
Worth getting, great for the priceAnd very handy for movies and music
we brought this tablet for our 6 yr old for Xmas and she loves it!. it was the go to tablet as she was always playing on my fire tablet... recommend for kids
its easy to use and the price was great my son loves it
I've had a Kindle for years, but with two granddaughters fighting for tablet usage, I purchased this Fire tablet for double duty-theirs and mine. I've always loved to read in bed but also love to highlight passages and mark pages--which is hard to do while lying in bed. This tablet lets me read numerous books at once, whichever one strikes my mood or connects to what's on my mind. I haven't really used it for books with the grandkids, they like to watch favorite videos or play kids games. Gotta remember to juice it up for when they show up unannounced!
Purchased for a child. Works great Very pleased. Very versatile
Brought this tablet for my 18 month old. Definitely worth it! He mainly uses it for learning games and YouTube kids TV. I'm thinking of buying one for myself in the future. It has a front face camera however it's only 2.0 megapixels, so picture quality isn't that great. But other wise you will be happy if you decide to buy this tablet.
Found this product on sale, so I pulled the trigger and picked one up at my local Best Buy. The setup is as easy as plug n play. Comes preloaded with plenty of apps. I was able to connect my Bluetooth keyboard and mouse via the USB input in the back making browsing the Internet a breeze.
Wasn't a fan of having to get one of these (I'm kinda old school...I like book) but, it really was a nice device. Easy to use and read from. Glad I got it!
wanted to bring computer life to big screen. don't have smart tv, so this was perfect
Purchased these for a few christmas gifts to give away.
Met all my expectations and the Alexa app is pretty cool.
I got this because I could not read my books on my iPad at the beach. This allows me to read in the sun. Best product ever, great price
This is a great little tablet. It is wonderful for reading, Going online and using apps. The only reason I gave it four stars was because there are a few apps that my family enjoy using that cannot be downloaded onto this tablet. Other then that you're definitely getting the most bang for your buck. The price just cannot be beat.
I love my new Amazon Fire tablet it's great!! The perfect size to fit in my purse so that I can take it with me. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
Got this one for only $ 35, added a 64 GB Micro SD and a nice cover. It's not an iPad, it's not Nexus, it doesn't run Android (well, kinda...), but I got a high quality and well equipped tablet for less than a hundred dollars.
Very functional for a tablet and e-reader. This was a purchase for my stepmom who broke her previous Kindle. She likes it because the screen is big, ease of use, and you can access the internet. The kids side is good too for the kids but some of the apps like YouTube and YouTube Kids will not play on this because it's an Amazon operating system. Overall I would recommend this to people who like the regular e-readers and want a tablet.
I bought this because we wanted to "Cut the Cord" and not having any real knowledge of how these things worked, i bought this and played with it for a while and now i could not live without it. The only limitations i have found are the companies (Networks) that do not have apps. I would recommend this to anyone looking to "Cut the Cord".
Having so much fun with my Echo. It is full of things to do once you get used to how to ask it. You have to say the name of the skill before you can ask a question. Once you get the hang of it, it is great. There is still so much more that it can do that I haven't yet discovered. You won't regret this purchase.
Does everything I expected it to do. Definitely a great product for folks who want a good product with an affordable price.
I have had several budget tablet, but this blows them all away. You have to be willing to be invested in the Amazon ecosystem, but it is well worth it.
Good to get additional accessories on Thanks giving...
I bought this for my friends kid. It works perfectly. There are no problems so far.
Great product easy to use . Even my kids 8/10 can use it !
Great tablet for kids or a stater tablet for someone.
Need to explain all required' hookups' to less non technical elderly people for sure.
Nice starter tablet for my nephew. Does what we need it to do.
I moved from a tablet back to the Kindle Paper white because I can read it anytime anywhere. So happy for the non glare screen
My 3 yr old niece loves her kindle. I couldn't imagine going on a road trip without it.
Is an innovative and productive assistant able to learn from those who use it, good design and nice interface. Smart buy.
Love this product. Been thinking about purchasing this for quite a while and very happy I finally did
Great performance, prefer over the fire stick for the larger storage capacity, and processing speed. Also has the ability to be hard wired if wireless signal is too weak. Only drawback is the wires that run to-from the box.
I would have preferred to purchase a 3G kindle, but this item was not in stock and I needed it in a hurry. This kindle does everything that I need although not as versatile as my old kindle.
Excellent value and good WiFi access Video quality excellent
Alexa does so many things like play music, give you news updates, control your Amazon account....etc.So simple to setup and use. It's a wonderful device that is useful and fun for whole family.
Great for listening to music (Pandora especially) or as a novelty!
Bought this tablet cause it was super cheap during December. It's a good tablet for someone who doesn't need a powerhouse
Love my Echo! I use for many things. Bought a battery for it so she goes everywhere.
I purchased this for my son's birthday.. he loved it..
I bought that for my parents. Great product, easy to operate, they love it. Also great price, thank you, Best buy.
Very easy to use and worth every penny! I would recommend this to anyone who needed smart tv capabilities.
Mucch better than my previous tablet. Runs great and fast. Best decision ever
The Kindle Paperwhite is a wonderful option for traveling (no weight, lots of books) and for seniors who read large print books - adjustable font size!
Strong fast tablet. My 8 year old can manage it perfectly!
Great for reading on the beach very easy to use ad easytocarry aroumd.
Kindle is always the first choice to read the E-book. Comfortable reading experience.
Great Value On A Tablet. I bought this for travel. At $49 if you lose or drop it you are not out $100's of dollars. It performs great.
This is great! Wish I had more instructions on what she can do
So far my Amazon purchases have been great and easy to use.
Very easy for my child to navigate. It was very easy to set it up. All the games, books and internet that's pre-loaded is awesome and so convenient
I was impressed with the voyage overall. I especially like the light sensor feature because it makes reading enjoyable in all settings.
This was a gift for my mother. She was very pleased with it & loves using it. It seems the right level for her.
My friend loves it. It's what he needs for his holiday.
Took awhile to get it all setup. After getting it all setup it was fun to play with for awhile than it was just okay. Have to get the wording just right to listen to radio stations or it tells you can't find it or plays something totally different.
Perfect all around reader, great price and service
i got tihs so i can watch hulu and netflix and it is pretty fast
I enjoy moving night, and it kept becoming a hassle deciding what movies to watch, or what medium I would need to rent them. With the firestick, you have all the movies and shows at your disposal, which makes my life so much easier. What a great find. I am glad word of mouth helped me find this product, and would recommend it to anyone.
Very happy with device ,,, may purchase second device
It was very easy to use. My grandma was able to figure it out with no problem
The Echo works great and the sound is excellent. In addition to our household, we gave it as a gift to our kids families and everyone loves it.
This tablet is easy to use and a convenient size for travel.
The fire stick makes getting movies at home a breeze. Most movies can be seen in HD format from your living room.
Love it fast , pictures look fab. love the battery life
Bought it for my daughter and she loves it great product at a great price!
My second Kindle and I was really glad to see that I didn't lose all my photos and books.
Got this for my wife she loves it and syncs with her iPhone or just plays music
i think the price is great the durability the easiness although you do need to spend money as well for extra better games and the charger breaks easily but u can use any android charger overall well worth the price i believe
This tablet does exactly what it says it's going to do. Got it on Black Friday for $33. It's hard to believe that they can sell something like this for $50 and make money. Works great. Easy to use. Lots of free book from Amazon
Purchased this for my wife so she can read in bed at night without disturbing me while I try to sleep. Because of its design, it is more like a book with adjustable lighting, fonts and shadings. She absolutely loves it!
As a lover of books I love the portability and battery life of this. Definitely would recommend to anyone.
Very satisfied. Use it daily while watching TV and other activites
Good price for a high quality product. Easy to use and navigate.
We purchased this for me primarily as a reader. Great size in my hand. This is a first tablet for me as well. It does so much more than a simple reader. We got a second Fire for my fatherl for Christmas. It is his first tablet. He is excited to learn how to use it well.
The Kindle Paperwhite has many improvements over my first Kindle with a lighted touch screen, wifi, and ability to swipe to turn the page. I love it!
I researched different readers before deciding on the Kindle. I figured I may as well get something that will benefit from my Amazon Prime membership. I am soooo happy I did, I have done more reading since my purchase than I have done in over a year. Highly recommend!!!
I bought this for myself as an early Christmas present and I'm in love. The sound quality is awesome and Alexa tells the funniest yet shortest stories in history.
Bought 2 of these for my grand children. 4 and 2. They love them.
Bought this as a gift; I already have one and have been using it over a year. The Kindle works well, is reliable, and is easy to read in the dark.
Low cost alternative to Echo for additional rooms where do not need more expensive Echo with high end speaker.
I received the echo from my husband for Mother's Day. It is very helpful to me. Nice to know the weather before I get dressed in the morning.
My Kindle Voyage is nearly 16 months old and worked perfectly. I kept receiving emails from Amazon about the software update. I switched off airplane mode, switched on wifi and shortly after the screen locked up. I have tried everything with customer support and they now tell me I will have to buy a new one. I am very annoyed. If I had left the software as it was my Kindle Voyage would still be working.
Tablet was purchased by our daughter with her own money. She worked her tail off for this tablet. She loves it and will be using for school and travel.
I purchased for my mom and she enjoys it she reads al day
I have two Echos in my home, I use it mostly for listening to my Spotify playlists and ordering stuff online off Amazon. I also love the ease of creating shopping lists and the fact that new abilities are added everyday. I just wish it was a lot more intuitive, I want Alexa to learn tricks on its own and not have to teach it tricks. I would give the Echo 4 stars for current functionality which is limited and 5 stars for future potential. Must have.
I had the old kindle with no back light .. this new one was a great price .. I still use both but this is great on a plane or in bed at night when I can just turn it off and I don't have to get up and turn my light off
Good product, everything I was looking for in the Echo.
the reader is very compact so it can easliy fit into a bag or pocket. The auto light feature is also a plus.it takes a little bit to get adjusted to the side tabs and presume that future versions of this device will be improved upon.
i use the hd8 for my personal entertainment system
We love the features of the Amazon Echo. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new gadget.
I was not sure about making the jump to an e-reader vs. books, but now I just can't put it down. It is easy on the eyes and I can download new titles instantly. It is great
It's a good device for kids and first time smart device users. Easy interface without breaking the bank.
I have 3 Roku devices and I'm totally impressed by this. Amazon hit it out of the park!
I have older versions of the kindle fire, and I bought this one to replace my daughter's "aging" kindle-which she uses constantly. This one has 2 camera phones, one rear and one front, compared to her one that has just one (rear). Also, the graphics are better and it has more MG than her old one, which is great because she pretty much maxed out her other one. She uses it to read, play games, and do homework (even can check her grades online). All around, it is quick to turn on rather than using a computer to get what she needs for easy homework (online research, calculator, etc.) and a lot more portable when traveling!
Small, light weight and battery lasts. I love this thing. Way better than lugging many paperback for long flights.
I have wanted this tablet for a while. I had to get rid of my Galaxy Tab 3 and when I got the chance I went and bought this one. I am so happy I got this.
Great gift for Christmas for children! Inexpensive as well
One of the best purchases I've ever made! It's ties into my whole home network and works with all of my phone and other products.
Does everything that are claimed, the speaker system is wonderful.
We bought 3 of these for our grandkids as Christmas gifts. These are just the right size Tablets for them.
I bought one of these and then bought another for my neice. She loves it. Plays games, reads, checks emails.
The device works as advertised with very little set up.
If you are a Amazon Prime member, this is one of the best tablets to have, awesome!
You can convert this to a kid kindle, very durable. Quality is great for the price
Alexa is a lot of fun to have in the kitchen. It's a great device to connect to the latest news or ingredients for a recipe! Highly recommend.
I am going on a 30 day cruise and didn't want to haul a lot of books. This is the perfect choice. The text is very clear. Highly recommend.
very fast netflix streaming!! great item at a great price!!
Works great and nice links to Amazon if you have a prime account.
my grand daughter and grand son love to play games on their kindles plus their mother put programs on there so they can learn
great for elementary and middle school, use for educational apps and web browsing
Works great, easy to carry. Covers my needs when traveling.
Great tablet for the price if you don't want to spend a small fortune
Paper white does everything I've wanted in a reader. Light, great lighted background, and the easiest to use.
I haven't gotten all of the skills Alexa can do but it is a good product that plays my music well.
We purchased three of these tablets for our granddaughters and they use them everyday and enjoy them. We spoke with one of the Best Buy associates and he was great telling us about this product. Made our decision easy. Thanks.
This was a great price for a entry level tablet, It can do all the things I need it to well like Netflix and checking the weather.
This is what I have been waiting for. This HD10 Kindle is Super!
My old one was lifeless and so I replaced it with this. So glad I did, worth every penny!
The fire 7 is easy to read books and stuff. The kids love playing games on it. We really love the tablet.
I bought this as a gift for my dad and he absolutely loves it! He can't stop ranting about it!
I have waited to purchase a Tablet - when the Kindle Fire came on sale I decided to take advantage of the sale price. So far this has been a very good purchase for what I intend to use the Tablet for. E-mail, Facebook, News and BOOKS to read. Easy to use and have enjoyed this product.
The Echo is a cool little device. Great for playing music from Pandora or Amazon. A fun way to access the internet. Finding more uses for it daily! Would make a great gift.
Took my daughter a little while to get used, now I have to pry it from her hands very pleased this item
Echo works really well, but I only use it for music and news, can't really say a lot about the other functions. Drawback is that it can't answer a lot of questions and unlike the Google Home, it won't remember what I asked prior.
Fast,reliable, and has everything you need!!! Use Kodi for free everything you'll want to get rid of cable/satellite ASAP
This Kindle is so easy to use and the screen is very easy on the eyes!
Got this laptop for an in-bound college student. Best option that I found.
I am not very tech savvy. This table has been very user friendly. I have called for support & the staff were very helpful.
It keeps up with my Samsung Tab 4 I have no complainants at all..
I can read just about any book that is published and not leave my house to go to the store and have to buy them.
I bought the tablet for games and surfing the internet. This is a slow tablet, not made for gaming - graphics are commonly not supported. Super cheap tablet, you get what you pay for. Ended up returning it.
The Fire Tablet is not only affordable, but a great piece of technology for choldren. The selection of books and games are very good.
Works great. Connected it to wi fi speakers and lights I think went and got a dot and connected that through a Bluetooth adapter to my old stereo system and that works great as well.
This is a great new product. Speaker sound quality it pretty good, and I love being able to stream music without a phone or tablet. It can tell you the news and weather and is learning new functions all the time. I think this is the wave of the future. It is nice having my own personal assistant around the house...now only if it could make me breakfast.
This product is great for all movie and show geeks.
It's small but gets the job done, I love it cause it fits right in my purse. It holds a charge for days when not in use
Kindle is a very portable reader to replace paperbook.
She understand almost everything, she is quickly to respond and you can actually synchronize your fire stick with it as well
Kindle paperwhites are amazing. They are so simple and non distracting. They are very pleasing to the eyes and not having to recharge it every night is great. Can't wait to take it on vacation and read in the sunshine without getting a headache from the reflection of my tablet.
Needed a new Kindle. Wasn't sure what one to choose. This one is GREAT!
You won't find a better value. Especially if you are a Prime member, this device is a fantastic basic tablet. Worth every penny.
Bought one last year that worked out well. Decided to get another one this year. Very pleased.
Was able to hook it up in minutes. Emailed Amazon with a question and received an answer back within a day.
I was very skeptical at first with this, but Alexa has become part of my everyday use very quickly. Whenever I get home from work, or I need to do chores around the house, "Alexa, open Pandora." Its super convenient and the speakers on it are amazing. I'm really impressed. If there was one thing though that I would have Amazon improve upon if they ever release a version 2 is to have the microphone distance be further than whatever it is at now, which seems to be about 10 feet or so. More than 10 feet away, Alexa won't hear me. Other than that though, this thing is awesome. I'm glad I got it.
Having the freedom to pay foe what you want to watch instead of a package.
Love to have access to books anywhere I want or need
Bought the tablet for a larger screen than my phone. Love it.
BestBuy had this Echo for sale at half it's regular price. We bought one and are having all kinds of interesting fun. Imagine when your hands are full and you say "Alexa, set timer". Not to mention all the other requests that may come up. Use you imagination.
Family loves it. Kids use it to play favorite songs, we have it hooked up to lights and there is much more it can do.
I have both the Roku 3 and Roku Stick, the Fire TV has a nicer interface although less channels. VuDu is not available for Fire TV. Fire TV speed is faster than the Roku 3 and the picture is better.
This is a nice tablet for the price. Functional for your basic needs.
got this for my kindle 7 tablet . Does an excellent job charging the kindle fire 7 a lot faster than the one it came with the kindle fire
You get to put all of your books right on this kindle and take it on the go with you. It's great just taking one item with lots of reading material on it instead of having to take all of your favorite books with you.
Integration with Family library a bit tricky in case you have some books kiddos should not see (ahem, 50 Shades....) but the device is a reliable winner! No complaints and 3000+ pages read later there are 2 boys who rediscovered reading.
This was the perfect gift for my mom and she loves it so much. She reads like crazy and this does not hurt her eyes like other devices. Great product and recommended for anyone who reads at all!
Got this on Black Friday as a gift. Kids luv it.Touch response is not very smooth
Very good product and easy to use and very helpful
I picked up three of these during the holiday sales as gifts for family members. We have many Kindles that we use daily the last few years and been satisfied will all of them and Amazon offers all the content you could need for a base tablet. Great for adults or the kids (with a proper protective case). Books, video, music, and games...performs well on all. The only con I can think of is Amazon is a little weak in the app variety department, nowhere near the offering of iTunes but for the price and performance, this tablet can't be beat.
It is a very good buy at this price. Easy to carry
We bought the speaker to put in our kitchen and to link with our Smarthome items. The sound is good when listening to music, sometimes it has difficulty understanding your commands though
We love having the echo in our home. Was going to be a Christmas present but we couldn't wait to use it. We like it so much we even took it on vacation with us. The shopping app is great. Jokes are pretty funny. She's great at history and I never miss my morning report!
This tablet is a great value for the price. You can have multiple accounts on the same tablet, and pick which apps are available on the account for your kid.
I own the previous version, now, with this one, I 20 times happier! Everything works like a charm!.. I think I´ve never read so many book like now!
I couldn't get the tablet to work with my WiFi so I returned it and bought a Samsung A-8.
Has tons of free games for the kids not so good for the average tablet user as its not that powerful but I guess that's only my opinion
This new Kindle is very well built. Finally amazon got away from making the Kindles use a carousel to browse through apps. The speakers are of great quality and are very loud. This kindle is also extremely durable compared to nearly every tablet on the market. I've dropped this about 5 times already on my tile floor and there is virtually no damage.
I think that it is easy to use and has a really nice sound
We recently cut out our satellite service and switched to the Amazon fire TV...we haven't looked back. Very fast, easy to install, and very compact. I do recommend getting the one with the voice command, it's very convenient. The only thing is to just make sure your wifi internet is up to date and fast.
Perfect for my wife and college daughter. Very easyTo learn reader.
Bought two of these for my nieces, they are truly enjoying them. just what they asked for.
I love that Alexa can be controlled without having to press any buttons. She has a decent amount of range that she can hear your commands from. It does take some timing to get used to her, but soon enough, you'll being to reap all the benefits of an Amazon Echo. Currently I have two Wemo plugs and Phillips Hue lightbulbs set up to my Echo and plan on adding more Alexa-compatible smart devices. I love how easy and seamless it is to get all my devices working off Alexa. It's also a bluetooth speaker and can get very loud. I love that it can connect to my amazon playlist or my spotify playlist and can play any song I want that is available. I highly recommended it to everyone that comes in my home and love to show what she can do.
Great little tabletthat has all the features of a regular size tablet fast HD vibrant color in all
Do not know why I did not think about getting one of these earlier. This is one we just leave around for anyone to use as the price is so great and most of us use it for internet and playing. have not gotten the chance to read a book on it yet but hoping that will change in the new year.
An easy transition from my Nook! I only wish I could migrate my purchased books from Nook to my new Kindle.
my kids enjoy the Fire HD and they love the picture quality
With the Amazon fire tablet you get everything you would expect in a high-end tablet for less than $100. That's hard to beat!
I bought this for my son for Christmas and its perfect. My son gets to play his games with easy access to Amazon prime content.
I haven't had the Echo for very long, so I'll need to spend more time on its capabilities. I've used it primarily for music. Alexa's great at understanding my requests - when they're from Amazon Prime music or music I purchased through Amazon. I've struggled so far with trying to get her to play music from my extensive I-Tunes music - even though I have an IPod Touch paired with the Echo. I'll have to keep trying.I've also used Alexa for setting timers and some basic questions. She's not very good at some questions - especially if they're too long. Anyway, I look forward to playing with Alexa some more. So far, I'm happy with my purchase.
The Kindle Paperwhite works exactly as expected. I have no complaints.
Brand name tablet at a no-name price! Seems fast & the display is bright. And it's backed by Amazon.
Great table for the price. You can download games and so much more. Its great for young kids.
Able to download books and read most anywhere, best invention since sliced bread according to my wife
We got this for our three year old daughter. At first she was not interested it it at all she just wanted my tablet but once she got use to it she now prefers it to my iPad
This product is our first of its kind to own. It has a lot of entertainment optikns.
I like the tablet. It is pretty awesome. Easy to use and you can download lots of free games that you couldn't download for free on other devices and underground Amazon is the reason why.
The Amazon Echo is like Star Trek for the home because the Echo does what you command with your voice and new features are being added all the time. I like the size of the speaker and it has good sound too :-)
I bought this tablet as a secondary one and I'm happy with the ease of use and fairly quick internet usage. You can't beat the price for what it gives you and it's also feels sturdy when holding it.
I absolutely love the amazon fire tv! I have a 4K ultra HD television as well as Amazon Prime and the picture quality comes in super clear. It's just amazing! I have the firestick as well but the fire tv has better picture quality, especially if you have a 4K tv!
Plugged everything in, using a network cable instead of wifi, and everything just works. The box is responsive, would be nice if the remote had tv volume options, but that's a small nitpick. Very happy with the purchase, it confirmed my decision to be a cord cutter and drop DirecTV.
I love the echoI'm really enjoying all of it's features!
I like the fire tv because I can hook my lan cable to it
I bought this item for my granddaughter she is twelve years old and very tough on electronic devices she has dropped an misplaced electronic items before so for the price I was very satisfied
The fire isn't going to thrill you like the iPad or surface, but it gets the job done. If you use Amazon video, HBO go, Netflix or any streaming device then it's a no brainer.
Love Alexa especially if your are a Amazon geek. She does what she is told. lol Ordering finding music, help in kitchen. Find an answer to almost anything!
Fun to use, it opens your world to a whole new way of interacting with tech.
You can use this for reading, surfing the net, taking pictures. The best deal and product you can get for near nothing. I bought 10 and have them to my now best friends.
I purchased this for my husband as a replacement for his old one. He is very hay with it.
I had used the Kindle Paperwhite for quite awhile before I got intrigued by the Voyage seeing it in person. I was apprehensive about upgrading given the higher cost but it was entirely worth it. The Paperwhite is lite in weight but somehow the Voyage feels weightless. The screen is absolutely beautiful and to me the nicest feature is the screen is flush with the bezel around. Little learning curve to the page press on the side but tweaking the settings a little I have it down now.
Does the job.
Alexa is pretty awesome and the speaker really bumps!
Surprised how powerful this little thing is. Easy to use and setup was a breeze.
This is a very basic tablet, but the price can't be beat. I bought mine on Black Friday. The Amazon Fire 7 only supports the Amazon App store, so you will not be able to access the typical Google Play apps normally available on other brand tablets. I normally just use this as a Kindle device.
I love it a lot and use it daily, bought books....
Best tablet out ther for the price, expandability and speed
Very nice to have in the kitchen/living room area… Just ask what the weather is… The time… Play music… The news… Turn lights on… Works great!
Durable and small, makes it easy for taking any where. Price isn't bad either.
Bought 3 of these black Friday for my kids they seem to be doing good so far hopefully they last.
Got this for my 11 yr old and my main concern was parental controls. Parental controls are an awesome feature and were easy to set up. Amazon had plenty of free apps for kids that i didnt need to purchase extra. Thank you I'm very happy with this purchase!
I purchased this tablet because of its reputation very satisfied
I love that my kids enjoy talking & interacting with Alexa. There are many games & activities my kids can enjoy with Alexa with her many skills.
Bought for college student as substitute for text books. Works great!
Awesome because I can simple just shop whatever I want just by calling her. Does the job right.
Hands down you can't go wrong with this tablet. Especially if its on sale and lower than the normal $50 retail price. Sure some google apps might not be in the market place, but a majority are and if your looking for just another tablet for mobile games or another screen for Netflix or Hulu this tablet would do just fine.
We have 2 Echo's, one in the living room and the other upstairs. Alexa will not only play whatever music you ask her to, but she will tell you the weather, a joke, is a timer, an alarm clock, keeps a grocery list, will notify someone of your choosing of an emergency at home, is a companion for an elderly person, or even keep a paraplegic company just by using their voice. There are hundreds of Apps that you can download, that enables Alexa to do on your command. We use the Echo everyday and have listened to our favorite songs from our past as well as current hits and/or radio stations. She has become a welcome addition to our home. Buy one, you won't regret it.
The Amazon Echo is amazing.....easy to set up and easy and affordable to use!! We bought one for us and one for my parents because it is so great!!!!
Great buy if you are not needing the backlight. Easy to use and battery lasts for weeks.
Have a fire 7 and wanted a bigger screen, love the new one.
Having a new kindle is always nice but not much is improved.
No complaints here, especially for the price. Good for children or elderly.
I want to start out by pointing out that I honestly was not expecting much to begin with. I was just hoping for something backlit to read with at night. My problem with it is that it was slow to the point where it was almost unusable. Just bite the bullet and get a more expensive model if you're new to Amazon Fire. This is not representative of the experience of owning one.
Small amd neat. Everything you need on this little device.
This tablet is great. I loved the color and all the features it has. I will be buying more for my daughters. Great purchase
It's a great buy. Just to read emails and go on the web
I utilize my Tap on my bedside table for wake up calls, playing rain sounds to help me go to sleep, set reminders for the middle of the night uh-ohs and play my fav music. I take my Tap to work with me as a cordless battery bluetooth speaker . . . best of both worlds.
Unbelievable! Everyone should get one! I wasn't sure if use it, but I do all of the time.
My husband prefers the Paperwhite model over the Voyager because it is easier for him to hold in his big fat fingers since it has a larger frame so more room for the fingers. And Kindle Paperwhite and Voyager models are much easier to read for long hours than tablets (easier on the eyes). I have an iPad and still have a Kindle for reading. I highly recommend the Kindle Paperwhite and Voyager models.
Works exactly how I expected. No complaints. Really like the white too.
Easy to set up, great picture love it! Keeps my kids entertained and they love it also ....it was a gift.
I can get to anything I'm needing to from the home screen. Helps simplity everything!
Love it save money on a fire stick instead of direct tv
Not a whole lot to say. It does what I wanted it to do and works well with my Prime subscription. Love technology and I also own Apple TV. I prefer Apple products as a whole, but this does well also. If you have Amazon Prime and no preference towards Apple products I prefer the Fire Tv over Roku.
Working great and I love it...it's has a great quality ,good graphic and easy to use..
This works great for my college class because it's small and compact plus it is very fast. I recommend it. It does what I need for school or just to play games, or enjoy the Amazon apps on the tablet.
Bought to play my PlayStation Vue tv, love the Alexus feature overall a great thing for steaming.
If you dont mind taking a few extra steps to download programs then its great. We got rid of cable and have amazon instead. Also love the voice command, just wish game controller wasn't so much the systym was 99 and the game controller is 50.
Bought 2 for birthday gifts for grandkids!!! Reasonable priced and they work great!!!
My grandson loves it. Will be getting another one.
Took a while to get one since all stores were out of stock. Ended up ordering online and getting free shipping. Has all apps plus HBO Now which is great. So far, so good!
Out of the box there really is nothing to do but plug it in to the USB drive and you're ready to go. You get a pop up reminder asking if you want to use the drive as a back up. If you select yes or no that will be the last time you see it. If you say "decide later" it will come up each time you plug it in to the USB drive.
For the price, this is a product that I would recommend to anyone who likes to read.
It's a good tablet but only for like little Childen to play on not for teens. I don't think it should have high expectations, if thinking that.
This device is great for watching tv shows, movies, or sports without having to be locked in a subscription.
Works good but, you can purchase a charger with same or better specs. on Amazon MUCH cheaper. I purchased a 5 port 30 watt charger for about 1/2 of the cost of this.
I purchased this product a few months ago and have been very pleased. It is a very user friendly and does exactly what it is supposed to do. It has a great battery life as well.
Got it as a Christmas gift for my Grandpa works a lot better than his computer so he can email
We purchased this device when we switched from cable to PlayStation Vue. It works great for that, but we have found we also enjoy watching Amazon movies and listening to Amazon music as well. If you're an Amazon prime member this is a no-brainer. We also enjoy that it is simple for our 9 and 10 year old children to use.
there was so much to choose from on black Friday that I wished I had enough money to buy everything. nice tablets amazing deal.
Bought 2 of these tablets for my kids. They love them and easy to use.
Loving this little box. Great interface, and works well with Kodi, even though you have to jump through hoops to get it installed.
Bought this as well as the Roku ultra.. Both are great products no issues whatsover.. If ur a bit more advanced Fire TV is more modifiable as its based on Android while Roku isnt. but still Fire TV is very simple for the basic use of even my 4 year old kid... Alexa is a great plus only one downside is it doesn't navigate within Apps to control the apps themselves it only controls Fire TVs main features... While in Roku the direct netflix button on the remote makes it slightly simpler to access netflix.. In short both are amazing products so if ur comparing u wont go wrong either way.. I would highly recommend Fire TV and am very pleased with my purchase
Daughter loves it. Screen easy to read. Easy on the eyes.
We like the way it integrates with our Nest. Music on demand is great.
A week after my purchase this item went on sale. I think best buy should refund he difference without me having to drive 45 minutes 1 way to return and repurchase as the store advised when I call them . it's not like you don't have my credit card information.
It's great deal for a person who's working at nite. Thanks
I needed a tablet to keep at the hospital during overnight stays so I decided based on price to get the kindle 8 and I am pleased I did! For only $89 the bright picture, sound, storage, and ease of use is well worth it.
I bought this Amazon Fire HD8 as a Christmas present for my wife. It is the second tablet I have given to her over the past 5 years. She LOVES it! It goes wherever she goes. The Fire is more than portable and so easy to use. As the saying goes: "A Happy Wife Means A Happy Life". I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Fire to anyone!
The kinde was really good and my dauther like it. It is very good product and i would reccomend this to al my firends and family.
Works great for my teenage son. He uses it for reading, playing games, and watching movies
Like most Androd devices, has slowed down considerably over time since purchase. Nice for video watching but browsing the Internet is slow at times. Apps take awhile to load good for the price
This is perfect for what I wanted to do - which is read! I have a tablet for other things. I love how lightweight it is, the backlight, long battery life and no-glare in sun. I highly recommend!
Replaced an Apple TV with this unit. Far better in speed and flexibilityMore apps and better content
Bought this as a giftt for my wife. She uses it mainly as a method of reading books and loves it. The memory is more than sufficient for normal usage and is expandable if needed. The fact that it is not HD does not matter to her but if you use it to watch a lot of movies, you might want to spend the extra $100 bucks and get the HD. JShe does watch Netflix on it but usually watches movies on our big screen television. Great buy for the money. She loves hers
I purchased this for a Christmas gift to my niece she is learning a lot from it and it keeps her occupied with the games she loaded to it smart choice for first time tablet and its a great brand
operating system is quick, screen colors are great. Easy to use and great for reading on kindle app.
I purchased this product because I love to read and buying books got costly. With this product I can read all I want for 10.00 a month
Perfect for my grandson I love the easy to use set up and parental control. I have recommended this to my friend for her children. Case is great
Our family enjoys our Amazon tv box, it's great expecially with the free movies and TV shows. I like the remote design better than the apple tv box, but that's just my opinion. It's a great addition to any tv because it makes searching and watching whatever you want effortless.
much better than previous/first tablet. Has excellent graphics, reasonable fast, and mostly intuitive. Had to add Google, and difficult to add apps that are not in the Amazon store.
This is must have because streaming is the future of TV
I enjoy the Alexa for music using Pandora. Unfortunately, I can not listen to music that is on my iPhone. I've done all the things that it told me to do to download music to the Alexa app but it still does not recognize the songs. Also, it seems that the Alexa only uses Bing for looking up information from the internet and not google. So, she's very limited in providing information when asked a question. Maybe, it's not that compatible with apple products and best used with families who have windows based products.
Just as described.
Thanks. We really like this tablet . It's easy to use
My Son is very happy with his giftlistening to music and asking question to Alexa all the time...!
For $50 i wasnt expecting high end screen resolution.
Great product. This is the best streaming box out there besides the Nvidia Shield TV but much more affordable. I'm thinking of getting another one.
The battery life isn't great and it needs more memory. But the value is pretty good, and my kids love it!
Bought 2 of these for my parents and they love them. My mom has a smart phone so she does pretty good with hers, my dad has a flip phone, but seems to have no problem figuring it out.
I love the fire....it works great and the navigation through the Fire is user friendly too. I think the 8 is the better buy for your money.
The price was right on this for my 10 year old, works great and easy to use. Nice parental features also
This is a good tablet for someone just wanting to surf the internet. Would buy again if was only surfing.
Enjoying watching movies, playing games and surfing the web
This is high quality stuff. I recommend it to everyone.
Bought it for my little grandson he likes games, he can play with it where ever there is wifi.
Gave it as a door prize at office party. They love it.
I researched other tablets before purchasing the Amazon Fire Kids Edition. This tablet is everything I thought it would be and more. Great price too. Lots of available features and apps. Very easy to use. My 2 year old grandson loves it!!! He' s having lots of fun and learning.
Had been.looking at this item on Amazon and hoped it would go in sale. It did and I was able to purchase at Best Buy.
The fire TV 4k is one of the best streaming devices I've ever owned. This version plays the media seamlessly. The 4k picture it displays is awesome. The only down side, there is no Vudu 4k.
Love this way more than the old fire stick...so glad I upgraded...It was easy to install and I'm once again enjoying my shows
I had the first generation FireTV and it was great. I wanted something that was a little faster for playing games and also for using with Plex. Plex works so much better on this generation than the first. More of the videos that I have can be played direct instead of being transcoded. Games also seem much smoother on this device than the first generation but it is hard to tell due to the limited types of games on the Amazon App store. If you are looking for a device that can stream Netflix, Hulu, HBO Go, Amazon Prime Video, and ESPN and still be used for casual gaming then this is the device for you.
This is my second kindle for the price wasn't bad, however had to exchange it for another one right after was purchased. The screen would not come on.
Quick and easy to set up and works great. Finally using my amazon account for something other than free shipping.
i am still learning all its features great alarm, music, spelling and somewhat internet helpful i am very satisfied with this ourchase
It works well when I use it everyday. However, it does not turn on when I do not use it for a few days. I pull out its power code and then it works again. I am not sure if I better to ask to replace it.
Birthday gifts for both of my teenagers. They can do the social media that they enjoy and complete things for school and they love the camera!
Alexa helps me fall asleep at night, tells me the time, weather, jokes, news and plays games with me. Alexa plays music too but I don't use it very often for that. I enjoy the ease of communicating with Alexa.
My kids each got one of these for Christmas. They like them much better than their Kindles
Much better than the old one it replaced.
Great price and the item worked perfectly. I searched the internet and Best buy had comparable pricinr.
This is the most convenient of all the models I have used
This device is perfect for viewing on the beach, planes, etc. Easy to use.
Love it ... need to get some smart appliances! I also got the Echo dot - wish I got these items sooner
This tablet is sturdy and great for my kids with games and learning.
Got her set up, but still have to learn to connect to phone and my smart TV. Need to look up the info for help as I didn't purchase the set-up help that you can buy with it. I'll learn. Right now asking for weather, using the timer, and asking questions about things works out great. Even grandchildren like asking her things. Can't wait to set her up with TV.
For the money (if you can do without Apple) this is the best tablet. You just have to remember Amazon sells it cheap so you have access to their media services and Alexa.
This item is great to play music, news constantly changing and adding things to make it better. I have bought three of these. Absolutely love them. Take traveling with me also.
I'm giving it three stars because I haven't used it much, only to watch a few shows and movies.I've had it for aprox. a month and sometimes the screen goes blank, I have no idea why...is it the tablet?...or maybe the app?...clueless... I'm not making a big deal of it because I bought it on Black Friday (not that I have money to waste), but I don't think I'd buy it again.
Great product for the price, seems less fragile than the iPad.
This is a good tablet for beginners and older people.
Love be my fire stick so much I bought 3 more for the house. I would recommend the fire tv but for less then $40 it's a steal!
she loves it she is 6yrs old and it fits her level well and she just loves it
It is easy to use & is small & compact. I can read my email, shop, read books., take pictures & play games all at my fingertip.
Simple to use. Great for Dad who wants to play games and check weather
My sales person was excellent. She knew the product and was able to answer all of my questions. I bought a kindle paperwhite. I had the geek squad to synk it to my laptop. "I love those guys"
Great product, great service and best item I have purchased in years.
Have several echo's throughout the house and bought the Echo Tap so I could move it when I need to move around from the garage to outdside. Mainly listen to music and has worked well. Have noticed that I usually have to yell for Alexa to hear me but that may have to do with the acoustics in the garage. Other than that it works well.
Easy to use and elegant in design. Perfect Gift for Kids.
works great the only thing they need to add is the ability to customize actions and commands
I love this tablet. It was a great buy. I would strongly recommend buying it. It's a great reader but also good for surfing the web.
So happy with this Kindle! It's very easy to use, lightweight so you can carry it in your bag like you would with a paper book, except here you have an entire library with you.
I have Alexa now 5 months running.You would expect, that Alexa can anwser many, many questions. It can (maybe), but you have to know which App has the answer, you have to install the app and you have every time to say a special commands . Stupid. Alexa is out of the box very stupid. And after investing hours - she is not much more knowledgeable. It's a stupid AI.
I purchased 2 of these for my kids, (7yrs and 15yrs old) and they love them. They're constantly staying on them. The battery lasts for about 8 hrs and not long to charge. I love the fact they they come pre-charged too. What ever you do, please buy a case for them. I couldn't have brought a better budget tablet.
Sweet awesome.....................................
This is pretty cool! It has a good variety of options to work with and games, which is even better! Haha!
I used a couple of the brands that are just priced under this product and well...you get what you pay for! This tablet was much easier for my granddaughter to learn on. She can access her camera, pictures, videos, and games, much better than the "other brand".
Purchased this as a gift. Waiting for the owner to advise.
I purchased this for my kids and it works great with time limits.
I love my new Kindle. Use it everyday. It is easy to use and understand I chose this a tablet.
Got a great item for a great price. I'm totally in love with this item. Well worth the price.
We bought it just for fun but now we can't live without it. We have 3 and use them everyday. Trust me buy and Alexa you'll love it
This was a gift for my father, and he loves it. He uses it mostly for music on Spotify of Pandora MD he hooks up his Bluetooth speaker to it.
Great product works great and the application will work with the future updates to keep up the great work and I have the same info.
very good product and right on the cost! Great gift for the holidays.
This was an awesome tablet purchased for my seven year old daughter for Christmas. Initially, I was looking to purchase the iPad mini but unfortunately they were sold out. This was my alternative and I am so glad I did. The price was perfect and the internet and app access have been great! She loves it! The only thing she misses is the FaceTime but it has not been a big deal at all!
Received this tablet as present for young grandson. While I am not an Amazon tablet fan (don't like hybrid operating system), this device meets all the requirements I had hoped for: ease of use, optional micro SD capacity, and plenty of internal memory.
We purchased the Echo originally when it was first available for prime members only. At the time it felt like a novelty toy and didn't do much. Since that time, it has had major advancements in it's capabilities. We now use it to control our lights, music as well as a personal digital assistant. I recently purchase one for my parents for Christmas, and they're loving it too.
My four years old son loves it.You have everything for less than $50.
Great for kids games and just basic tablet stuff like music and movies
Easy fast and portable great fun for everyone!!!!!
I have four siblings and it keeps them quiet days they're home
such a very good tablet, with great apps and very easy to use. bought for an 11 year old grandson who is very happy with it.
This is a gift for my daughter. I have been utilizing it. So far, so good.
The touch page Turner is great, you don't have to finger swipe. Although it does take a little more pressure to use than I like I still think it is a great feature.
Bought two of these Dots for my granddaughters. One had asked for one - the other did not but both were very happy and excited to get them. Hope they don't use them to do their homework.
So far so go it's been hard to find a good tablet for a 6yr old I believe we have found it.
Took awhile to get connected to my home wifi but now that it is it streams flawlessly with no lags in music. Doesn't have the dynamic sound range as other Bluetooth speakers i own.
This tablet so far has been great for the price. Even though it isn't the HD quality tablet I've found the res on this one to be pretty awesome.
Works with all my stuff. Speak and she shall comply.
Gets use everyday by my girlfriend who i bought it for with no complaints, also love the color. Also may get one for myself.
I found this cover to be quite handsome in appearance (EVERYONE who sees it comments on how cool or how nice it is!), very simple, and very functional. It's VERY easy to attach the Kindle DX to it and the fit is perfect. Most importantly, it appears Amazon has solved the older problem with this cover somehow damaging the Kindle if one opened the cover from the back too far. Now, there is a small magnet embedded in the back of the cover that gently keeps the back cover snug to the Kindle DX and serves to gently remind you, with a gentle tug, if you accidentally attempt to open your Kindle backwards. For me, it's an elegant and well-thought-out solution.
This is a pretty easy, comfortable fit for my grandson.
I bought this for my mom while she was in rehab following shoulder surgery. She loved it. I put several books on it for her and she liked the ease of use, she does not get on the computer and so I needed it to be easy.
I love my kindle I take it everywhere with me. It's lightweight fits in my purse just great deal!
The echo has been a lot of fun and really adds to the convenience of my day.
I debated on getting Alexa for a while now and I'm actually sad that I did, this is a fun tool to have. I love being able to access Sirius XM on it in the mornings. It's easy to set-up and takes maybe 5 minutes. Must have if you are creating a smart house, which I am.
I have enjoyed my kindle since purchasing it over 5 months ago. As a law student it's a great way to have all of my books on one device and accessible on the go.
This was a gift for my wife. She uses it mostly as a Facebook portal and loves it.
Easy to set up. Perfect size. Easy to read font. Price was affordable. Great gift idea for the adults on my Christmas list.
It's ok for the price and what u can do on it I would buy again
Bought this for my 83-year old Mother. She loves it!
I really love this item I would definitely recommend this to a friend
Compact , inexpensive , easy to use . I would recommend
This is a nice compact size, and is very user friendly!
Great tablet for the price. I purchased this as a Xmas gift
Easy to load, works with our local library (borrow books for free).
I've been using this product for a few weeks now, and I have to say, I'm loving it! I have an older Samsung "Smart" TV, but Samsung has stopped updating the Smart Hub for my model. The Amazon Fire TV gets the latest updates from the Apps (i.e. Netflix, Hulu, HBO Go, etc...) , so I know everything will work smoothly!
Perfect for my 10 years old daughter. She loves it and that makes me happy.
my daughter really loves her kindle fire,awesome choice
We were given our first Echo as a Christmas present last year and since then, we have purchased a Echo Dot for our guest room and this 2nd Echo for our Master Bedroom. The sound quality is terrific and we love the convenience of getting quick questions answered, listening to music and being able to stop/start at will, and the overall memory capability of the Echo. We purchased two and will give the 2nd one to a relative for their Christmas present!
Love being able to access all the apps we stream from. Like the voice remote, can be a real time saver especially when you can't remember which app the show you want top watch is on.
Great tablet for the price! I bought two of these for my Grandkids to use, as they are always using ours! The only thing that I really don't like about them is that they have so many pop in commercials for grown ups and it makes everything stop. Hard for my little three year old to get this! I wish it were a little more kid friendly as far as ease of use and getting to where you want to be. For the price, I guess we will just deal with it! :)
The fire meets my needs for my reading enjoyment. It is less cumbersome than always carrying around a book. I have no problems whether in daylight or at night. I would highly recommend this product.
Fun to quiz, easy to set up. Still learning all of it's capabilities.
Love this tablet because it's durable and versatile. Glad they finally added a memory expansion slot. Highly recommend!
I bought this to replace a Kindle Fire for my mother. She is losing her short-term memory and kept getting lost on the Fire. This is much easier for her to use. I have owned one myself for several years and I love its ease of use and the self-lit screen. The Paperwhite is a well made device and I recommend it to everyone.
i love amazon fire tv is the best streaming in the world really recommend
this was purchased for a friend, and his family. They are enjoying it and his kids tell me that they move it from room to room.
Works great and is fast. Great for reading and internet use
great bluetooth speakerworks well with harmony hubworks well with smart appliances and ifttt
i brought this for my kids and no regret. Make sure you buy a case protector along with it.
Bought for my wife.. she loves it.. took some getting use to though but she is doing well with it
I am so pleased with each and every product I purchased!!!!! Everything is GREAT!
I bought the first edition kindle fire years ago. My kids loved it so much that I bought this product to replace the old one. They love this one even more. Larger screen and more memory, you can't go wrong!
This is an older tablet. I probobly expected too much. If I'm going to deal with lagginess I prefer my ipad2.
Perfect for cutting the cord on expensive cable and satellite
Picture is top-notch...4K capable. Also, something I discovered on my own that the "experts" in the stores did not know or tell me: even though you don't have a 4K capable TV, the Fire Box may still be what you want instead of the Fire Stick...here's why: when you watch live news or sports they are broadcast at 30 frames per second. The Fire Stick only can produce 20 frames per second, so the picture looks somehow "previously recorded"...jusy not like a sharp, high-def pucture. So I replaced the Fire Stick on my 1080p capable TV with the Fire Box and, BINGO!, perfect...because it can reproduce 30 frames per second! You'll see the difference, trust me!!!
I purchased this for my mother as a gift because she was always watching me play games , surf the internet, check my email and message friends. She asked if the one she had could do all that and I new it wouldn't. She LOVES her new Fire.
so far so good. I order two of these and they are working out great!
I love this device. I have an Amazon prime membership, Netflix and SlingTV and this allows me to utilize all three easily.
A great way to start cutting the cable cord. Might have to buy another.
This a great product. I would buy this again for a gift for myself.
I bought on for my 2yo nephew ad he and his cousins love it. Going to buy another for my other nephew so they no longer have to share.
Excellent price point for my basic requirements. It has all the features I need for comfortable reading of online novels and articles.
great buy for the price. Very vanilla and a little small but you cant beat the price for a beginners tablet or a cheap replacement.
Bought it for my daughter. She loves it! makes me happy:)
It is well designed with a safe cover for kids. It also come with 2 year warranty. My son loves it already.
Great product! The FireTV is very easy to use but requires the user to setup an Amazon account. This can be a free or prime account. The FireTV easily connects to your Wifi giving you access to Addons, games, music, movies etc. The voice controlled remote control makes searching for your favorite content easy but if you prefer, you can use the navigation features instead. Parental controls are provided if needed. There is also a video you can watch that shows a sample of the features this devise offers. Great purchase. I even took camping using my phone as a hot spot powered by a generator. The FireTV worked perfectly.
My nephew love it. He uses it every day thank you.
I love this tablet! love my ipad , too, but this is much lighter weight and easier to slip in my purse. I went for a 32g but there were none in stock, so I got the 16 and a memory card that I will probably never need!
I bought it for my son-in-law. He loves it! He wanted it as another device instead of his iPhone. This way he won't be disturbed by emails when using it. It was a great price too!
This is my second Echo along with a couple of Dots. I use them for Home Automation, music and basic information at hand. Every home should have an Amazon Echo.
Kindle Fire HD8 is great! Love the the size and the graphics. Easy to use and navigate. Perfect gift for mom!
Tablet is easy for children to use and the battery lasts!
Got 2 of these for our great grandchildren for Christmas. I know they'll be excited to have their own tablets!
Great device. Very fast and responsive. Capable of streaming in 4k and while there is limited content, it comes thru beautifully. Alexa and voice search is fantastic.
Would encourage others to purchase if they are avid readers, can go anywhere
We love the free time feature. Definitely going to end up subscribing after the free year trial is up. Our 2 year old loves it and we can control how long she's on it.
I love that there is a free writing app that resembles Word and I can type documents which can be saved to Dropbox directly from the app.
Has worked out well. Very user friendly. Would buy again. Great price as well.
My daughter enjoys that tablet a lot. Also the amazon free time app is great for kids.
I prefer the iPad but it's okay for the cost just to many ads tho
Purchased this for a gift for a 75 year old, who is enjoying it as she learns all of the "amazing things it can do!" She loves playing solitaire and downloading current books to read before she goes to bed at night. Easy, fun, inexpensive tablet for even the least tech savvy people! :)
My wife loves it and it's a lot of fun. The music is great and it's amazing how much Alexa understands.
This is my 4th Kindle Fire. When we go on road trips each of the kids in the back of van are occupied watching movies, playing games or reading books on the Kindle.
Firesticks are cheap, but getting the fire tv meant less buffer time and less lag before watching my shows!
We picked these up to help people register to vote at events. They have proven to be durable with a respectable battery life and enough compute power to do the work without lag and annoyance. The size is perfect for voter registration drives or other community out reach.
Like it a lot. A little difficult to learn how to ask for some things. Takes time to get to know correct phrases. Sound is OK, not a boom box.
Grabbed this tablet for my daughter for her birthday she loves it
Excelent product, cheap and great quality... love it
I have it integrated with the Philips Hue, and it only works about half of the time. The app is pretty weak, and really painful to try and play Audible books from. That said, I'm getting another one for upstairs, because it is insanely handy to be able to add items to shopping lists, todo lists, and do timers from anywhere in the house.
The new design, compared to my old kindle paperwhite and voyage, looked weird when I first got my Kindle Oasis. After I used it for a while (5 hours), I felt the design was kind of make sense. When I hold it with one hand (right hand), the centre of gravity position was right in my hand, so there was less change that I drop the kindle on my face(when I was laying on my bed, it happened a lot with my kindle voyage)
I've purchased 3 tablets so far as gifts.I've gotten great feedback on all purchases. The price was affordable and easy to operate for 2 eight year olds.
Good value has all functions needed and good screen size
This thing is ok as long as you don't expect it to be or have stuff(Apps&Games) like Samsung or Apple cause it doesn't. It has its own line of ****
Out of all thats offered out there, this is my favorite. It helps if you're a Prime member, and Kodi runs well on this device.
I got the ECHO DOT also. I compared them both and decided to keep the DOT. They are the same except for the speakers and the price. I would still highly recommend the ECHO. It's a personal choice.
Its easy ro get those daily task complete. It enable ayou to do more to make my days easier
I love asking Alexa questions and getting the answers quickly. Music is unlimited. Always know the latest news and weather without turning on a tv.
The Echo is not very good at answering questions. It is good at playing music and telling you the weather. I'm sure it will get better, but it is more of an annoyance with a toddler in the house. It does tell cute jokes, but it says "I'm sorry I can't find that answer" more often than not. The sound is quite good from this model, and works well with Spotify.
We love our Echo. Music, news, and basic info! It is great!
I brought this to upgrade from the fire stick. I am very happy with my purchase. It streams shows and movies very well.
So I was already not too pleased with Amazon's choice to only include an essentially useless charger when purchasing a kindle hd, and caved to ordering the fast charger so it would not take hours of non-use to recharge. For 20 you don't even get a full charger, just an adapter to put on to the cord they already gave you. Amazon please just charge the real price for the device instead of settling to slowly rip people off with essential accessories, this sort of thing cheapens your image and erodes loyalty.
I love this tablet. It does everything that I wanted for a tablet when I was comparing between different brands. The only thing that I should have done was, purchased the 16 gig version. The space goes quickly.
Bought to replace my original kindle and have access to books already purchased. Have used it for so much more like games, browsing internet, and watching netflix. Does so much more than original at a better price.
This was the perfect choice for travelling. It's very light and very clear, easy to read screen
Love it! This is my second Kindle. Would definitely recommend it.
Awesome tablet! Super quick, great picture, and overall great quality
Great for a Beginner tablet bought this for my mother for Christmas and she loves it. Plays all the android games on it and runs no problem.
Does the job. Kids are kinda of rough with its holding up well.
Fun gadget for adults and kids. Great range for asking questions..
This has to be one of the best deals around - The screen resolution is good, the speed is adequate and it is versatile as a reader, game device or internet tablet.
Preferred my old style and size because the new style did not fit withyour old case that was new
Great tablet for a great price. No need to purchase an overpriced tablet for children
less expensive than last year with so many more features and bigger screen!
This is the second one I bought. My grandkids love them.
First we purchased the Firestick that ran off of wifi only...ours was too far away from the router and was buffering all the time. Close-by it worked great, but we upgraded to connect directly and we've had no problems. Wonderful product and serves our needs...the voice command for questions is a nice feature as well.
We started with the Nabi the 2nd edition when my son was 4. Then came a few other RCA tablets that ran out of memory or quit charging in 6 months. But I just can't justify the cost of the ipad for my 8 year old that dropped my work ipad and I had to pay $250. The Amazon fire tablet is the perfect fit for his video game playing. Since I am a prime member he loves that he can download music, books and videos for free. Being a prime member is almost necessary to make this tablet worth anything. You can only buy amazon gift cards no google play or itunes for this. So let the grandparents know. I like that it has multiple users so I can restrict the time and what he is able to view/play.
Tablet runs well and the form factor is decent for such a cheap tablet.
Love it! Easy to use. So simple to order books and they are immediately downloaded.
Reading paper books makes me sleepy, after only 8 pages!Reading on the Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic... read 65 pages non stop!Love it.
This was purchased for my grandson. It has been easy for him to use. Love the parental controls and free time mode. The included bumper case is a bonus.
Being able to sign in and not have to do any setting up makes this device super user friendly!
This tablet does everything that i could ask and the HD display is great. Ready to purchase a second one. My wife loves it so much I need one of my own.
I had a hard time trying to stream movies even with a good internet connection ....was a little disappointed
Fast. Plenty of great apps. Nice picture. Lot of fun to use . Highly recommend.
This device is the perfect way to consolidate all your favorite TV apps. Easy to use. Easy to set up.
I have one of these tablets so it was a no-brainer when it came to purchasing one for a friend's birthday. This tablet is small and delivers a multitude of functions.
Bought four of these for grandkids. Suitable for adults, super fast, great operating system.
Bought it so my son could play ABCMouse.com without his baby brother closing it on hom, like he does with the laptop. Also good for my audiobooks.
Amazon Echo is a great product. Gives you information (news, music, restaurants...), turns on appliances, lights and more. Highly recommended for the techie in your family.
Kindle paperwhite easy to use, great features, easier to read!
I have had a regular black and white Kindle for years and I love it, but i wanted something back lighted to take on vacation and night reading. The Fire is perfect, small and light and easy to use.
Good and easy to buy this tablet with low price! Worth to buy
this was a choice between the Oasis and the Voyage. i made the right choice
Not a big reader but gave it to someone that is. She is happy so I think that should make me happy.time will tell
Great product easy to set up and use my child loves it
Its great for small task and an excellent reader.I can even do my online school work.
I love this product. the screen is bigger, the bumper is stringer and my granddaughter loves it...so that's all that matters.
The Echo is a very interesting item that is entertaining and fun
Great to read in the dark!! Purchased this and haven't regretted it since!!
My wife bought it for her office but they wouldn't allow her to use the wifi so she brought it home. Use it mostly for music and asking silly questions, but we enjoy it. Broadens our musical library.
I gave this as a gift and so I heard it has been working very well
Bought this kindle for my grandson as a birthday present, he is excited about it. Could not believe the price.
And this is amazing. Blows Apple TV out of the water with all the customizations..especially Kody. I have every apple product that currently exists, including all their computers, however, I will be replacing all my 4th gen Apple TVs with the Fire Tv.
Have used other streaming devices this is by far the best and easiest to use. Good tool to help cut the cable cord
This item was purchased for seniors to keep them up to date with what is on the internet without the expense of a laptop. they love it and the ease of operation,.
I got this as a gift to my inlaws. This is very handy and easy to use. They love it so much
Really works great and sounds good. A relative of mine had one and I knew I would have to get one. I could not believe the price when I finally bought it.
I debated buying the new Kindle Oasis, since I've owned every Kindle since the first release. It was worth the money, as the form factor is the best yet... it's comfortable to hold in one hand, and the text is crisp and easy to read.
Bought as gift for an avid reader. He could get to the point of reading on a tablet. He has to have a real book. Works perfectly as described.
Love the kindle fire.This is the eighth in my family
Excellent speakers and great voice control... I'm very happy with my alexia
Tablet helps get children use to having a tablet.also good for alduts
My 5 year old loves his tablet. It's perfect for him.
Best pad for reading EVER! I would highly recommend anyone to get this product.
Love it. I like being able to read when the lights are off.
Perfect for my house. Its a space saver for me plus its various features just are value adds to my reading.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas since our daughter uses the other tablet all the time. He has barely put it down since he opened it!! He uses it mostly for reading and some internet browsing. Overall I am happy with the product and have had no issues so far.
Everything on fire stick is awesome and I love it.
Great product for home improvement, and also playing music as a bluetooth speaker.
It's a awesome price for first time tablets for kids
This is the fourth one of these that I have purchased. My grand children love them. Between the one year of programming and the two years of warranty, I don't think there is a better tablet on the market for children. Excellent product and it works very well with the children at what ever level they are at.
I enjoy my alexa. So much I bought one for my friend.
I bought this as a replacement for my original Kindle Fire I bought 4 years. ago. This has more features and many upgrades for 1/3 of the cost of original Kindle ! The technology we have now days is unbelievable ! Thanks Best Buy for a great product that I can afford !
This thing is pretty awesome. It's lighter and thinner than my previous one. I am a fan.
Good device. My previous one was inherited and has a cracked screen.
My granddaughter loves it. She plays with all the time
This Amazon Fire TV works great with my apps to see other providers
The higher DPI and built in backlight made this a fantastic upgrade from my previous Kindle Touch.
This is the second Kid's version of the Fire that I've purchased and I think it's a good deal. Since it's really for my kids to watch Netflix - I was looking for a cheap option. I thought about getting the $50 option, but I would have bought a case and paid to turn off the ads anyway. So adding it up, I feel like I didn't spend much more than I was going to anyway - AND I get the 2 year warranty included. Not bad in my opinion. And it does a fine job with Netflix streaming so far.
I was given a fire when I was recuperating from spine surgery a few years ago. I used it for everything for quite some time. This one has a camera and plays all the latest files. I still have and use the old one as well. An excellent content delivery system. I got it with Best Buy customer appreciation money...what a deal!
Bought this for a friend in the hospital.very easy for him to use as he uses it endless hrs.the picture quality is good also ..would buy product again
I was skeptical at first but I love love love it!!!
I got this tablet so I wouldn't have to pack up my laptop when I went to my boyfriend's when I want to do my online class. This is perfect for that
the kindle is nice and well packaged. It delivered so fast!
Nice way to stream movies, .......................
I have an iPad and find it very difficult to read books on the iPad as there is too much glare and the text isn't sharp. This Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic and the fonts and text is just like in a paper book. It's easy to read, and allows you to adjust to the perfect setting for ones preference.
Needed a new kindle and this fit the bill. Enjoy reading on a kindle.
I am very happy with this purchase. It was super easy to set up. I especially love the voice control!
Great speed and function for a small price. Does what I needed.
Love the Amazon Fire Stick. Easy to set up and use. I'm not sure that it's capabilities are any better than ChromeCast or Roku, but I know this product is easy to set up and use. It has more features than I will use.
I bought it for it's practicality but loved it for its versatility.
Got a present for sister who's not very technically inclined. Setup was a breeze and she was surprised/scared at what it could do right out of the box!
Easy installation and usage. With the Fire Stick I don't have cable bills any longer.
Very good. Protective, sturdy, will stand up on its own. A bit bulky and the cover doesn't stay straight on the front as it's only held on by a magnet. Just a personal preference, but in my bag the front part of the cover will slide crooked or off occasionally.
Picked up three of these for my kids to use. Easy set up, works good, the only problem is the WiFi is slow.
Simply amazing! Very easy to use and lots of fun. Highly recommend
Does the job well, great for kids and adults. Was on sell for only $40 during Black Friday. Good buy.
Great tablet, my son loves it. Great resolution. I might get a second one for my daughter.
Since moving to the Fire TV, haven't missed DirecTV!! This a great product loaded with features that is very easy to use.
Great starter tablet for media consumption and games.
Love my echo, we mostly use it for news briefs and music with amazon unlimited. Bought this for my relatives as a birthday gift. I'm sure they will love it as much as we do!
This is a well made box, perfect. It uses android so there is almost nothing you can't do with it
Easy to use as a tablet and easy to use as a ebook reader
I thought the size was a little small bit besides that it's nice and battery is good
Bought two for gifts. One for dad who spends a lot of time in the mall not by choice. Other fits in purse nicely.
Bought on Black Friday for my kids, my 3 year old can work it just fine with the kids app for watching YouTube and other videos.
Great tablet setup was easy and it seem to charge quickly..
Tablet has been everything I expected it to be. Much better then the previous tablet I had.
better than original kindle fire. definitely more functional
Alexa is great. Looking forward to getting a dot for other rooms and other devices for her. Still getting to know her but glad she is here.
Got this for my fianc and she loves how easy it is to use, and how light the product is. Would highly recommend to all book readers.
Bought for my little daughter and so far it's holding up good.
I had hardly any computer experience and I love my tablet and would recommend one for everyone.
Lightweight, nice display and not too large to carry.
Best Christmas Gift ever to my Mom that doesn't use a computer
Extremely easy to setup. Good screen quality, good battery life. Extremely pleased.
This is a good tablet for the kids. They love watching youtube and playing apps.
It's nice and portable and works well on the go. Wished it had the option to be able to use voice commands without pushing the button.
Not as easy as it sounded like it was going to be. So many things to buy to get full use out of what we knew we COULD do. Every question we seem to ask Alexa/she says she doesn't know the answer and that we'd have to "download the app" - so we never use her/only to ask her to set a timer and tell us the time and ask her to play music, which we also had to set up first. Not as neat as we thought she was going to be.
We really enjoy the Amazon Echo. We use the Shopping list feature everyday. Comes in handy.
I was debating whether to get the stationary Alexa device or the Tap and decided on portability. It's been fun figuring out how to phrase requests but with a little trial and error we're on a roll. I use it for play lists at work, alarm clock announcement by Dan Marino and news briefs. It's surprisingly sturdy but wish it was waterproof so I could take it with me while fishing.
we love our fire tv. we highly recommend fire tv so much we cancelled our cable!
I recently upgraded to this model of Kindle. Liked it so much I bought this one for my daughter. She loves it. It's much nicer than the older model she and I had.
This is great for the entire family! Love this device to watch shows, movies and even play games!
First bought the Fire HD 8" for myself and liked it so well that I got this one for my wife.
My kids are able to use this quite well. Can easily update all the applications.
excellent product ! this is my second firetv box!!!
nice, compact, shipped in the mail. works well with supplied kindle cord.
Tablet was exactly what I was looking for at a very reasonable price.
We bought this tablet for our 3yr old niece. She loves being on netflix & youtube and this does the trick!. We also bought one for our 9yr old niece and she loves to read & browse, she loved it. ! You can't beat the price, so far so good.
It was so easy to set up the first time and add books. Easy to read clear screen and big words.
The only knock I have with this product is that it does not support vudu movie app. So...I have to connect to it through other means
My old kindle had no camera and was much thicker. This one has a great camera and is much slimmer.
Amazon Echo's are great. Easy to use voice control.
This is the most perfect e-reader. It is the perfect size. It also has flawless readability with adjustable back lighting. It's fluid and responsive and lightweight enough to be comfortable yet solid enough to feel sturdy and well made. The power consumption/battery life is also wonderful. It is perfect for readers. For those who do not read much, you will become a reader after buying one. This is concentrated non-distracting portable access to knowledge.
I bought this for my 7 year old for Christmas. I set it up and then wrapped it so its ready to play as soon as it is unwrapped. Free apps are good, some l get on my android are not available here. School websites dont work. Wish I had waited for black friday price but am overall happy with purchase.
Great for watching sports events away from home but within wi fi range.
I bought this for our family Christmas gift and we are having fun asking Alexa questions..I think we are ready for a couple of dots.
Got this tablet cause I wanted to start reading more graphic novels and manga and was very impressed with it it runs smooth and even use Hulu and netflix on it. My only flaw with it is that there are ads on your lock screen though you can take them off for $15 other than that it's a grade little tablet!
It works fine, but sensitive to swipe on one side.
Got an Echo for the house and love its functionality. Easy set up and easy to use. Looking to purchase a couple of dots for other areas in the house.
It's great, but not too much memory. Bonus I was told that I could add a memory stick. Haven't done it yet, but like the possibility.
I have several Kindle versions. My daughter bought this for her birthday as she loves reading several series. She doesn't have to carry a bag full of bulky books on trips or use a light to read at night. It stores many books in a very small space and if she wants to reread a book she can simply go to her account and download it again if it's not on her Kindle. The battery lasts a long time too. She now takes it to school to read during down time. I took mine on a 2 week trip to the Galapagos. I used on in the airport, on my flights, and several times every day since there was no internet or tv on my ship. It took up very little space and weight on a restricted baggage limit and I didn't have to recharge it. Also, It's much easier to hold vs a big book.
Good tablet for young kids. Battery life could be better
I find this product to be very efficient for several reasons on an everyday use. The more I use it the more I like it
I bought this to use mainly outdoors because my iPad had too much reflection on the screen. The white background works great outdoors. Very easy to read.
Bought this as gift for my wife. She wasn't sure about it in the beginning but now loves it. She uses it for shopping list and simple searches. She even connected the Christmas lights and uses Alexa to turn them on and off. Always learning about new features and so far we have been happy with each one.
I will start with the disclaimer, I am not an Amazon Prime member. I have a feeling this tablet really roars around within the AP environment. Instead, I purchased it to watch YouTube videos, Netflix and Hulu shows, read a few digital books, and maybe other stuff down the road. Yes, there is an app for Hulu and Netflix and YouTube. But the Netflix app stopped seeing my memory card and a reinstall didn't fix it. This means I can't download videos to the 64 GB card I bought.I figured, I should be able to move files back and forth - but that doesn't work. No way to move the content to the card. So I have 64 GB unusable for Netflix and am stuck loading on the 8GB internal memory. When I take this thing on the road, I will have to rely on wifi to replenish titles along the way.The picture is good, though, bright enough and clear. Sound is just ok and I am disappointed by the top volume through both the speaker and the headphone jack - it barely cuts above the fans from my AC. I plan on adding a Bluetooth speaker at some point, but am guessing I will run into a similar issue - how to get more volume.At $50, I am plenty happy with the device, but it should use Android aps better. I know Amazon wants me on prime, but I should still get the best experience possible.
Awesome little toy, back light eases up the use at night but also does not affect screen quality in sun light.
I gave it to my friend's kids. They love it. Quite good for the proce.
We love our Amazon Alexa!! We ask her the weather and play music everyday.
Great product as usually ... better screen and faster than my previous. Work with my chromecast .. easy to use
I give these tablets away for prizes in our redemption store. Always sell out and a great value.
Once up and running, Alexa can perform a variety of your typical assistant features. It’ll set timers, tell you the time, set alarms, tell you what your day looks like from your connected calendar, tell you about your commute or the weather and answer questions about all sorts of things
Good sound, understands most of what you say, the ai needs a little. I will be purchasing the Apple home pod when it releases in December for better ai and better sound quality.
The uses for this item was worth every penny. 99$ was a small price to pay.
We bought this for our toddlers, and so far seems to hold up well with them. Some quirky rules with Amazon and accounts with product, but overall good for what we need.
Great tablet which lets you hook into the content of the Amazon ecosystem easily.
This was an upgrade from my original Kindle. I love the backlight screen! Even though the device is smaller than the original Kindle, I'm somehow able to read the font without my glasses. The battery life on this model is much longer too.
This is the BEST tablet for the money anywhere on the planet!!
I bought one last year for one cousin and had to continue for another this year. Great buy imo.
Love the parental controls and more storage than previous models, but still seems to run out.
i knew what i was buying and it was everything as described, love my kindle best part it fits perfect in the palm of my hand, very convenient to use
I just purchased it yesterday, and am no expert by far, but setup was a breeze. I also took it to the beach today and found that it was like reading a piece of paper. Amazing.
Great product easy to use. I was very please due to the user interface
Love the features my new Kindle Fire has - very user friendly!
I really like the echo but I am still trying to find out what else it can do for me. I do plan on getting the controllable lights and thermostat down the road but in the mean time it is still limited. Overall great idea.
Great quality picture and sound for the price! Easy to navigate through menu's and app's.
work great sounds good work fast Good 4k tv you can add more thing
Saw quite a few youtube videos on this product and thought it would be fun to have. We have it downstairs in a split level house and keep it downstairs. We should probably buy another one to keep upstairs! Works great. Voice recognition is superb. We use it to check traffic, play Pandora stations and answer various questions. Don't have any home automation stuff yet, but that may be next!
Love my fire tv so easy to use gives me all my services in one place
Easy access to my Amazon account. Easy to set up and use.
I have another brand media player and amazon fire seems more friendly
Enjoying my gift Amazon and taking it everywhere I go.
I have both Google Home and Amazon Echo. I also have a Harmony Hub and several smart home devices. I love the smart home integration and once you activate lights and your entertainment center with your voice, good luck going back. For now, the Echo has better integration with my smart home, but once Google Home catches up, I will be switching to Google for the sole reason I subscribe to Google Play Music.But to be honest all of these devices have limited uses and the "fun" or "cool" appeal wears off soon. It's fun to ask Alexa questions or ask her to tell you a joke, but that gets old quick. It's also cool to order something from Amazon, but I rarely do so because I like to look at what I'm ordering. The sound quality is passable for a small speaker. I prefer to send music to my receiver through other means (i.e. Google Home and Chromecast Audio). At the end of the day, it's a fun device to have that provides some useful "skills" (ordering Dominos is cool, but I've only done it once) and games (I like Jeopardy) but it's true usefulness is its ability to be the voice hub for your smart home, if you're interested in having one...
It was a perfect gift for my godson. He loved it! Definitely would recommend this product.
Bought this for my son, and he ises it all the time.
Unfortunately I've been using a far superior tablet when I decided to purchase the Amazon Fire tablet. Comparisons are unavoidable. The Amazon Fire works. Amazon only apps are not as numerous as Google. The tablet is not as streamlined as my other tablet.
This is a nice little tablet for the $60 I paid on black Friday. At the regular price I would probably have gone with something a little less restricted and without so much Amazon content. The lock screen ads aren't much of a problem, I understand Amazon sells these cheap and gets it back via ads, but the 15-20 Amazon apps are a little much. It would be easier to stomach if you could add the ones you want or remove the ones you don't. That said, I was able to install the Google Play store and this tablet does everything I need it to do. Overall, I'm pretty happy with the purchase. It's a nice new toy. One note: In the online photos the magenta looks purple. It's actually pink. If you like purple, get a black one and a purple case.
This reader is much more comfortable to hold than the Paperwhite. It is not quite as light as the Nook Glowlight, but the screen is much sharper.
Purchased to use as a kiosk for an app. Great value.
This was bought as a replacement for an older kindle fire that my mother had worn out! Very easy to use! My mother still uses a flip phone, because she doesn't like dealing with new technology, but she uses her kindle everyday and without and issues. Definitely recommend for elderly consumers. The only issue is the charger port! That's what went wrong with her last fire. Desperately needs reworking, if not already in the works.
My only problem with this tablet is if you don't have internet you lose the pictures of the games you have installed and you have to guess to open them.
I have a hard time navigating the menus and use is not intuitive,
I purchased 3 of these as gifts and they are being used all the time. Great tablet.
Fairly small screen. But excellent for traveling. Portable and watch lots of movies. Camera isn't great quality but don't use it for that anyway.
Enjoy my Amazon fire tv box work great lots better than the fire stick no more buffering
I bought the new Kindle Fire for my wife because I have a previous version of the Fire and love it. She hasn't really used it much but I have. It is a bit slower than previous versions but looks great and is a great value!
I haven't used any other kindle before, but this kindle was made to do its job and it does it properly. It is sleek, lightweight and sturdy. I love putting it in my bag and taking it with me wherever I go - just in case I get a chance to read. Like it says in the description, you can download books and read it anywhere - you don't need wifi to read. Battery life is great. It has a matted screen and you can make the font as big or as small as you want. The down side is that the screen is small, so you can only get through so much before you have to flip the screen. Also there is no brightness controller for the screen so you can only read it where it's light. But I honestly love my kindle, it does it's job and I don't want anything that get's fancier than this.
I've been using the original B&N Nook ereader for several years now. I finally decided to upgrade. I wish I'd done it a lot sooner. The new Kindle touchscreen ereader is phenomenal.The device is light and easy to carry, almost unbelievably so. It is fast and responsive and touch screen has 0 delay. I would recommend anybody in the market for this one buy one immediately. You won't regret it.
This product is well thoughts the kids seem to like the apps
Bought two for grandchildren ages nine and eight. Great product, good size , and good for traveling. They are very attached to them.
Love the built in light and the screen makes it easy to read outside
easy set up there so much to do with the echo only draw back you need amazon prime to use all its features
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Great tablet for the price!
Works great. Easy conversion for an aging guy without much technological experience.
Bought this for my toddler and teen they both love it.
Simple, great buy for your money if you are an avid reader.
Could not beat the price and the kindle fire is a nice tablet to have for reading, playing games, letting grandkids play on.
Really easy to use, nice size, works great, affordable price, extra card slot for storage, bright screen, good speakers, easy to download apps,
Received this as a gift and is very useful. Battery power stays for atleast a week. Does not strain my ryes.
Get up to the minute news traffic and weather reports. Answers general questions, and the speaker quality is great for music.
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. text show very sharp and clear and there are a ton of kindle books to buy and read. very well made.
The vacation house we rented for a week this summer had an Echo Dot. We didn't know what it was until it started talking to us as we must have activated it somehow. After our shock, we found that it played music, told jokes, and was in general, fun to use. So, we we arrived home, we began exploring what the Echo could do. Wow. It is amazing. We have been Amazon Prime members for many years and this is a logical extension of the Amazon ecosystem. I think most folks who use Prime will be pleasantly surprised by what it can do. However, not everyone likes it. My son-in-law says its creepy to have something listening to you in your home. So, most folks will have to get over that. For the price, it's well worth it to explore the future of technology!
I love the ease of set up and how simple it is to use to get to or find what I need!
I use my echo to play my music and control my hue lights which works difficult to understand at first;but not more than a 15 minutes can't solve.
I bought the Echo primarily for it's voice control of devices and secondarily to listen to music. As an ambient music player it is better than I had expected and am using it more for that than I had anticipated.Setup was easy. I expect to be connecting more devices and using more as time goes on.
This is a great Kindle, it is decent sized for reading and watching videos. It has an SD slot to add more storage so if all the internal memory is used, all you have to do is add an SD card and you're good to go! I would definitely recommend this Kindle!
I purchased this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it!
We go this for PlayStation vue. But with prime, there are so many options.
I have an older Kindle & this has so many more options. It has a camera & more apps.
I was surprised at how easy it was to start-up and to use. It has more possibilities than I thought it would before we purchased.
This device is simple to use and works great! Highly recommended!
I bought the tablet for my 2 year old as a birthday present. I downloaded the apps I thought he would enjoy and handed it to him. He caught on to some really quick while others hes still a little young. Overall the quality and durability is excellent.
The fridge started to work earlier than indicated in the brochure
At this price point it is very good. But having being used ipad the display doesnt look sharp. Amazon app store lacks content. Overall good for my 9 yr old.
This thing is great! Keeps me up to date on local news!
I am currently using this item. It is very good product.
Easy to use tablet. Battery life is good. No issues so far
This tablet is your best deal for the money. Since it uses an adaptation of Andriod made by Amazon, it is technically possible to install Google Play app store without routing the device, if you read a bit online, making this tablet probably your best buy if your budget is tight. Absolutely recommended.
Very happy with it. Set up was fast and easy. Worth the price
One of the best tablets. Good for watching YouTube and reading as well.
Still needs refinement. Works well with some smart home items. But needs to be more consistent. Also follow up questions. Won't just continue with the thought. I feel it's something which may be truly amazing within a year
Great product. Works well with all my smart devices.
Great Speaker but I really don't need the features. I just need good sound and don't really use anything besides that
This is a great product. Easy to navigate and use with Wifi.
So much more than a reader. Kindle has come a long way.
Except unlike the Millennium Falcon this doesn't have it where it counts. Software is a mess. I didn't expect much from a $50 tablet but man was it painful to use.
The tap is a great concept, I love my echo so a portable one was that much better. However the sound is pretty terrible, no bass and can be scratchy.. It was a good concept just poor execution.
Not easy to ask the question correctly. You have to be specific and most of the time Alexia does not know the answer or does not understand my question. Perhaps she needs to study or read more books...
tablet is good for older kids with added boundaries
This tablet is great, and it has a good battery life. I'd recommend for people who love to read.
I bought this to take on vacation and I love it! I use it to read ebooks, watch Netflix, check my email. Definitely gets the job done.
Very good product at a very good price. I bought this product as an affordable table option for my son.
Works great for the price. Purchased this to access our Amazon Prime Movies
This is one of the best purchases I've made in a long time. I use the echo to control my Nest thermostat, my lights, my sprinkler, pretty much almost everything connected to my Wink.
Overall very good product for kid. Much robust and easy to operate.Only downside is that it is sometimes very slow.
I have specific information that needs access to quickly, My Tablet has been Extremely proficient in helping me with my Requirements !
I bought this kindle to replace my aging kindle fire 2 nd generation. Battery life is improved with new features. Display is excellent. Love having a camera. Very happy customer!!!!
this was great for my wife who just needed a basic tablet for web browsing and media consumption.
I bought this for my 80- year old mother. She loves to read books but has difficulty getting to the store. This was a perfect gift for her though it did take some time explaining how to use it. It isn't the easiest device to use but now that she knows how to download books, she loves it!
Excellent. Just as good as iPad with a fraction of the price.
Makes our life easier! With music alarm, lights. Questions and answers.
The Amazon Fire TV has been a great addition. It is extremely convenient to have Netflix, YouTube, and Hulu all easily accessible in the same place!
I always seen it on tv so went to bestbuy to see a sample. Saw it, tried it out liked so I bought it for a Christmas gift
love the fire tv.. super fast uploads. Small and compact
My daughter loves her new tablet no complaint she is happy and doing well I will probably buy one for me
For its price, this a great little tablet. It does have limitations on what it can do and what apps are available for use with it which is the only reason I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars. Hopefully Amazon will allow it to perform better soon.
My husband loves his gift, I would recommend to al
Definitely my favorite e-reader that I have ever owned.
Purchased for my wife, she loves it and was amazed at how easy it was to use after setup. Does everything as advertised and more.
I I’ve used this for a month now. It works great 75 percent of the time. Alexa doesn’t always understand you. The mic doesn’t hear you when your 20 feet away.
Tons of things you can do with this. Highly recommend it.
My mom has enjoyed using this product, we are looking at purchasing prime, the nest and light bulbs so they can control it all from there.
I have had a couple of firesticks and they just don't work as good as the fire tv's. I now have 2 fire tv's. One is hard wired and one runs on wifi. I don't have any issues with them at all.
Easy to read in any light, Battery seems to last forever, size & weight easy to carry along everywhere.
My daughter loves her kindle and it's larger than the previous one she had. She enjoys it!
I purchased this item for my 3 year old son. It's very durable because he drops it a lot on purpose but most importantly it has a ton of educational activities for him.
Not my favorite tablet. Its good for the price, but its function is limited.
Good produt
Wanted something cheap to bring on flights and this did not disappoint. Battery life is good and screen is average at best.
This is the best thing I have ever bought, has amazing sound better than my Bose, she gives answers to your questions is fun to have takes very little space Love it
Great improvement from the original version and much better than apple tv
Perfect tablet for my 8 year old without spending a fortune. I love how it has parental controls so I can limit his time playing.
Best tablet buy for my son . It's perfect for the games he plays
Excellent cameraKids friendly, battery last longer,easy to carry
I purchased this at Christmas when they were on sale. Works great for what I need it for. Liked it so much bought two more for family.
We bought several of these and they work great! They are compact and lightweight. They have capability to add additional memory chips, too, to increase GB capacity.
HAVENT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT. GREAT TABLET . !!
Best deal I have seen online. I checked Amazon and they were not as good.
This is an amazing electronic that help you get going during the day goes. I simply love it!!!
I've reviewed several units and this is still the best! Easy to install and setup and if you are a prime member it makes it all the better!
I enjoy this product and HIGHLY recommended. You can not go wrong in purchasing this Alexa. It plays my smooth jazz while working in my office.
I love these Amazon products! I have so many Amazon products at home I refer everyone gets one
This product is easy to use and is better than any tv service u could get
A perfect tablet at a reasonable cost. Why pay higher prices for bells and whistles you don't use. The back lit feature is great for reading in low light conditions.
Bought it for my mother-in-law and now she won't put it down. She Skypes with my daughter all the time and they have great times talking together, awesome product!
Easy to install, easy to use. Even the kids can handle it.
This is a great product and I did research it before buying 3 of them. Having said that, I didn't realize the apps such as Instagram and Madden mobile, we're not available on Amazon. This was a BIG disappointING factor for the young people using the product. The other big complaint we have with this product is the length of the charging cord. WAY TOO SHORT.
My daughter got this for Christmas. Right out of the box it came on, but the screen was all white. Good price, but could never get it to work.
Bought as a gift. Feedback has been 100% positive!
I love my Kindle its the best e-reader available its the only way to read.
This item is very helpful, it is useful for all ages and I use it everyday.
I have bought one for each of my kids and don't regret it for a second. Never seen them read more.
Fire TV 4K version is a lot faster than the original version with a better chip set. The picture quality is excellent and navigation between apps is easy and intuitive. Also like the fact that you can load apps without a PC or Mac necessary.
Got this for my grandma after I Bought One now she loves it
This is my fifth Kindle and with each new one I have a new feature to use.
One of the cheapest tablets anyone can buy. I bought 2 of these for my kids,and they love it
Love the product, not happy that there have been two sales on it at Best Buy. One 18 days after purchase $50 off, today 23 days after purchase online $80 off. They won't help me, after 15 days I was told!
Great for my 12 year old for games and the like. Spending $15 at Amazon to remove ads is worth it. Don't like that you have to turn on tracking from some of the free games from the Amazon store.
everything is cool with Echo but the sound quality can be made better for sure. Also there needs to be way to equalize volume as needed.
Very easy to use and it's everything that I wanted and thought it would be
Nice compact size. White screen makes it easier to read
I really enjoy the convenience and portability. It is easy to read a few pages when I want.
Grandkids loved the tablets and they seem very durable and long-lasting
I had this for over 3 months and I'm liking this more and more. It has a lot of potential. 1st of, hardware wise. It's the best of the bunch. It can support up to a 4k display, has an Ethernet port and a microsd slot. It's small and compact so I can tuck it way from sight. This is fast. Virtually little to no lag. Everything is smooth and responsive. If I did have to complain, it's the time to start up the unit from a cold start. 2nd, It's based of of Android so the potential to root and install a media player is a possibility. 3rd, rarely has any buffering issue. Why did I bring this up. It all depends on your provider. When I has FIOS and hardwire the Fire player to the router, it keeps buffering. I don't know why. I have 50 up/down. When I changed providers, TWC/Spectrum, I have Zero buffering issues. To me, I think FIOS is throttling HD contents.To sum it up, this is way better than the stick because of the hard-wiring capabilities. MircoSD slot for expandable and this is freaking fast then the stick. Well worth the extra $30-$40.
I didn't need one of these, but it seemed so cool, I took a chance. A year and a half later and I don't think I could get along without her. Shopping lists, to-do lists...I never get to store and forget why I went. You can be in your kitchen while you're throwing out an empty egg carton and just tell Alexa to add it to your shopping list. When you get to the store, it's there. No running around making lists and forgetting them. Check the weather, settle arguments. It was easy to set up and just gets easier to use.
you just ask instead of having to get on your phone or tablet. fun and informative. simple to set up and use
I thought these were gonna be cheapies and not be used, but apparently the kids use the heck out of it. So gonna give as gifts again.
Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Inexpensive, works great and she has a lot of fun with it
I find myself reading even more now that I have the Kindle Voyage. It is easy to hold and maneuver, the perfect size, small and sleek. Page turning is easy with one hand and the back light makes reading in any setting a pleasure.
This Alexa is a super form of info with little wait time.
Bought for spouse and finally got her to give up her Sony ereader. She loves it and I'm a hero. Kindle is probably one of the greatest technology items of all time.
WE PURCHASED THIS IN PLACE OF PAYING THE SKY HIGH CABLE PRICES FOR CHANNELS THAT WE JUST DO NOT USE. OUR TV IS A ROKU SMART TV, BUT WE FOUND THAT WE STILL NEEDED THIS TO GAIN ACCESS TO A FEW STATIONS. WE HAVE BEEN VERY PLEASED WITH OUR PURCHASE.
Easy set up, and simple to learn various functions, including controlling wifi devices in my home.
4K ready looks great very fast... Don't waste your money on the stick get this one
I bought it for my mom after moving her into an assisted living place. . I was able to use it a little to show mom I was very happy with it. Seems fast and easy to use.i like it better than my phone . :) Didn't get a chance to see how camera was yet.
I can watch anything I want on fire Tv. Best thing ever
I like the bigger screen size. It allows me to read my books without straining my eyes and allows more of the text to be displayed.
I bought this for my 8 yr old niece, she loves it. Also bought a screen shield & a 'kid proof' case. However, neither stopped the screen from cracking the first time she dropped it. At least it was only $50 :/My nephew has an 1st gen iPad Air, w a kid case; he's dropped it many times, the screen is fine. You get what you pay for.
Have fun with it .Good game Good apps . Easy to used
Portable, good battery life, easy to read in pretty much any light. It doesn't have all the frills like the Kindle Fire, but if all you're looking to do is read, this is what you need.
Works well for the purpose of reading and a few games.
Perfect for a kid and it was cheap! My son has broke a lot of tablets, this one seems durable.
i really loved my 7in. but i love 8.5 in. a whole lot.!!!!!!!!!!!!!thanks guys!!!
My wife has a regular tablet but screen is not good for outside reading at the beach or pool. Got her theKindle Paperwhite and she is thrilled. Great purchase!
I bought a couple of these for gifts for the wife & kids. They're great to use around the house while connected to WiFi.
Purchased this tablet for my nephew and it's amazing.
Family is having fun using ECHO. We use it as an alarm, for time, music, weather and getting answers to some of our questions.
good product with reference to price. little annoying with too many ads
We use it for the music mostly and love it. The kids play games and enjoy it
Got this for my kid. Great cheap tablet. Camera aren't so good but usable. Apps load quick.
Love the bigger screen but do think this Fire HD 10TH runs a little slow. My last Fire HD was not as slow.
My kids love their new tablets and it was a great price.
With a price tag of 59.99, this is one of the low-end tablets with a lot of features, but is certainly worth its price tag. But it definitely lacks the features and HD display of its high end variant Fire HD.
It is fun for my whole family. It truly improves with learning
Got this because it was on sale and I had a gift card. It is extremely slow using the internet. Hoping to be using it was an e-reader.
I got this to replace one I broke. I chose this one because I love the color.
Ipad killer! A fierce tablet at a convinient price!
I purchased this to upgrade from my old kindle as it wasn't connecting to the Internet quick enough. I am happy with the connection and speed of this product.
Nice tablet. Very speedy. The only thing I don't like is that I can't add GooglePlay apps to it. At only $69.00 I guess that's to be expected.
It's a excellent tablet for my kid she downloaded games and watch cartoons
Excellent quality and durability for a young child
Great value and responds quickly to the touch. I bought two tablets for my college son's for Christmas. This tablet is great to connect to wifi and use to watch hulu and netflix in bed. Super!!!
Use Echo for so much,music,alarm clock and lights.
Plug it in and connect to your network. It's that simple. Love it!
Good reader for travelers. It allows for people to read in a variety of environments.
I got this as a b-day gift for my mom who has severe macular degeneration. She loves being able to ask Alexa questions and get immediate answers!
Very nice streamer! This is my second Fire TV so I like the product... On some apps the UI is way better then the Roku's. Highly recommended ... but also have 2 Rokus.
Bought this as a gift for my Dad, he loves it! Still working on setting up a music subscription to allow more play time
As one would expect, this is fine for what it is. A $50 tablet. Better than other $50 tablets on the market. Quicker and more stable. If you're looking for a tablet for a child or for basic surfing and YouTube clip watching it's fine. Apps are limited compared to the google play store.
Purchased this tablet for a 9 yr old and it's perfect. Easy to use and very durable. He is very happy.
The Fire Tv is better then the Chrome,Roku and Even the Apple Tv, Yes i said it, Its Better then Apple TV And its Cheaper to! Also KODI ..
I bought this for my friend and I also like its shutterfly coupon. It is wonderful.
ok product serves the purpose nothing more than that
I bought a kindle fire to read on as well as do other tasks but found that I really disliked reading on the fire. I decided to purchase the paperwhite and love it. In the month that I have owned it, I have already read several books. The screen is very comfortable on your eyes and lighting is never an issue. I highly recommend the paperwhite.
This a great upgrade fir me. Just replaced the fire stick and difference is huge.I love it
Alexa functions until yopu attempt to connect to multiple devices. Then technical suppprt is WORTHLESS!
Great tablet for the money! Thought to beat the screen resolution
Sets itself up. Has everything I need. Will buy several more. Far better than the stick.
I can't believe how well the far field microphones work. It can hear me over music, TV, or noise from our kids. It's been a great addition.
I bought this item as a gift for a relative in her mid teens and so far no complaints.
I got this on black Friday for $35. Even at the regular price of $50, it's a steal. It is a basic tablet that will download apps and go on the internet. While the internet browser isn't that great, it is comparable to a phone system, which costs a lot more.
This is the best tablet you can get for under $100. I have used or own many tablets including Ipad Pro/Mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab and Nexus. They are popular high-end tablets but easily cost over $300 or $400. I was very surprised by quality of this tablet and it gives you much more than what you pay. Battery performance is great- it easily lasts over 10 hours after charge. Speakers are solid with two drivers. Performance is decent although not as fast/responsive as high-end tablets. I was bit disappointed at its low contrast display. However for its price, I cannot complain too much.
Its a fast and reliable tablet once you get past thw advertising. You can pay to have them removed but if you could afford that mights as well get the one without the advertising.
Alexa is always there when I need her. Plays music, tells jokes, knows how to multiply, add, subtract, keeps a shopping list and a myriad of other things. Really fun!
Right out of the box it didn't work. We took it back and the Geek Squad couldn't get it to work either. Great disappointment for my 9 year old boy since it was a Christmas gift.
I love how you can keep up with social media and watch movies online. This is fantastic!!!
I have not used it a ton yet but I am very happy with my experience so far.
I dont own this, first off. But 1 amp wont charge anything very quickly, and I only write this review because they advertised it on my Fire. The price is 19.99 as of this advert, and thats way out of line for a 1 amp charger.
The paper white is versatile e reader easy to read in all light and has great battery life
Though I have got it for cheap price during black friday, this Fire is not that great. Very bad camera and dim screen resolution. Pros:Install Google Play without any hassleVery good book reading option
It was easy to set up my Amazon account and I was using within minutes. Great for travel and being able to read any of my books.
Its a good one for the normal songs and video viewing...
I've had one of these but gave it to my niece. I thought I'd be OK without it but when I saw this deal, I had to go get it!
My daughter loves the kindle fire and uses it on a daily basis in school and at home.
Great product to enhance tvs that are quite as smart as we would like
Ask her about the weather, the news, have her play a song simply by giving her a lyric, read audiobooks, etc... the only thing she doesn't do is make phone calls if the other person doesn't have an Echo
I was able to run this fire tablet with Kodi and now this tablet kicks @$$
My first purpose was to use the tablet for taking photos cuz the boyfriend got a new Samsung. This item was in the right price range and I was not aware BestBuy sold the KINDLE FIRE - and was not aware is does more than download books, too. It is much faster to get online WiFI - much better than a pc. I have pleasantly surprised at the many uses the Fire has. I have found myself playing games on it & normally I do not play any on the PC - so if I am watching tv, I can sit here with inexpensive entertainment. Light weight, easy to carry, quick to use for camera(all kinds of settings-who knew) - Right price. Great for sending and receiving email. I suggest getting a 'stylus' for using with keyboard- and one may adjust the 'font' size for easy reading - Enjoy!
the amazon dot with alexa was the hit of the day at my back yard bbq. the over the hill group had a blast requesting oldies from our days of youth. music from all genres was available from the 50's up to today's country hits. we also enjoyed bantering with alexa from time to time.
Love this tablet! Super bright colors! Great for gamers! Can't bet this tablet for any price!
I think the tablet is great it's plenty apps and books for children to read and interact with I also like the option that they don't just have books that you read yourself you can choose one that would read to you the tablet is just a good all-around Device it allows you to add additional apps that you would purchase separate to it
I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.
It's been great to have Alexa there to answer questions and play music. The Skills are fun to use as well.
You always go back to the product brand that serves you well! Great price for the top rated quality!
I bought the Amazon Fire for my granddaughter for her 8th birthday. She just loves it so much. She said it was the right size and everything. Truly excited her, Grandma gets an A+! I would like to add that the $49 price tag for this high quality tablet can't be beat.
My 5 year-old nephew said that this was his favorite Christmas gift. That's all I needed to hear to recommend this to friends.
It is very light and easy to read. Nice backlight feature. Only issue we have had is we haven't been able to remove the ads that show up when you are not using your Kindle. They disappear when you are using it. I just don't like ads, especially when you pay for something.
This has to be the best $35 I ever spent. The small tablet exceeded my expectations. I use it to supplement my smartphone, and watch tv, read books, check email and Internet on it.
This Amazon Fire Tablet is a great tablet and very affordable.
Great Christmas gifts for the kids. Hours of fun and games.
This is a very good item and I would recommend highly.
Although I am satisfied and happy with my purchase, it was slimmer and longer than I'd expected.
Set up was easy. Plug it in, turn on the tv. Learning what channels I can see or not see is a learning curve. So far I am liking it but have to adjust to the changes moving away from cable.
Firebox is the best streaming device of all of them. Excellent product. Best App capabilities. Easy to use.
Very easy to use. Very fast & good price. Would recommend this for a beginner
This is perfect for my needs. It is a great price for a tablet. No bells or whistles, just a tablet.
Works great as a streaming devise. Menu interfaces are easy to navigate.
I wanted to upgrade my 3rd gen kindle keyboard to one with a backlight. The paper white is a great device to read on. The backlight and improved screen resolution make a big difference. There's a few software features I'd like Amazon to add but nothing that inhibits me from using the kindle. If you've been thinking of upgrading or jumping into the kindle for the first time, I'd highly recommend the paper white.
My wife and I love the Amazon Echo. It is very easy to use.
Purchased for father who is enjoying the flexibility and ease of use
I paid $99 for this and couldn't be happier. It was super easy to set up.
Love the Amazon Fire HD tablet, easy to get around
My Echo's power adapter began making a tiny but very audible noise that was disconcerting. My Echo continued to work well, but I needed to get rid of the aggravating and disconcerting noise, so I bought another adapter. This adapter works without making any noise. I am pleased with it.
Better price point than apple TV but in comparison for what I am interested in prefer Apple TV
We love to go to the beach and the wife loves to read when we are lounging around. Great graphics, even in the direct sunlight. Simple to download books and the battery life is very good
Bought 2 of these for my 6 and 8 yr old and it said it came with 32gb storage but actual storage was a little less, cant remember exactly how much probably around 20gb with the other necessary programs that come already pre-installed. They mainly use it for games and have downloaded many games on them. There is room for external storage and it also has a front and rear camera. love the product. comes in different color as well. I got the blue!
Although this won't be competing with the iPad or some higher end android tablets, this easily outperforms any other tablet in this price range. I also love the fact that, although this is made of plastic, it has a unibody design and great build quality; not flimsy like many other tablets at this price.
In my search for a wireless speaker, I looked at various models and decided on this one because of the portability, the look and how it synced with Alexa. I have an Alexa and this product was spot on! The sound is great! I use it in the balcony and stream all music from pandora, different stations and the quality is great!! Definitely would recommend!
Bought to replace broken Kindle screen. Cheaper to buy new then replace screen.
Great device to go paperless and no more books. However, hard cover books are still fun to read.
Even better than the Echo Dot. It has a fantastic speaker!
I purchased the firebox for tv in living room. I later purchased fire stick for bedroom. The box downloads faster. Amazon has lots of good movies and tv shows. Excellent music selection
I like it very much good product . I used every day
To be honest, I rolled my eyes about first getting a device like this but I was wrong, I love it!The sound of the speaker for playing music was far better then expected.Getting weather, asking about store hours, setting timers, having it tell a joke, news updates, playing music or streaming radio stations this has turned out to be REALLY handy!!Bonus, you can rename Alexa to Computer, so now I can feel like I'm on the Enterprise asking question...lol
I love the 2 cameras, and the video capabilities. I have set up the picture albums and can even share on Facebook and messenger. I like the side charger. Much better than front.I love the size too.
For the price, they are highly functional. Bought one for one grandson--his twin didn't think that was what he wanted for his BD, but a week later requested one1
Only have such deal during holidays. It is a must buy
My grand baby is two years old and she absolutely loves it!
Tired of by buying iPad's because there's just not enough memory? Look no further! Basically the same apps in the App Store can be found here, but even better - expandable memory storage!
I love how sturdy it is. It doesn't seem like it would be but it is great. I especially love how when you open it, the screen automatically turns on. I was hesitant at first about the color(Citron), but it looks so much better in person. It does take a flat surface to hold it up, meaning it's hard to use on a couch or bed, but it still works really really well!
I own one there great to have in the room and a lot of enjoyment of all the things it does !
Alexa is great and helpful when needed. Controls my house lights from philips hue and wemo and harmony remote.
IT IS A VERT GOOD ITEM
Great for kids, bought both colors for two of my kids.
Welcome to our home Alexa! She makes a great addition to our home. I would highly recommend this device.
He loves it, I love it. It was the perfect birthday gift for him. He has lots of games to play,and its perfect for my reading.
I had a 1st gen fire. Battery started getting week after 4 years. Bought this as a replacement. I like the expandable SD slot and the camera. Much better than the first at 20% of the price.
I've been a kindle owner since the early days and when new versions have come out in the past, it was usually a no-brainier to upgrade. The oasis was a little challenging because the price really makes you stop and think if this upgrade is worth it. After a lot of thought, the factor that convinced me to switch was the reappearance of the page turning buttons. I missed them since they vanished with the kindle keyboard! The paper white and the voyage were great devices but I often accidentally changed pages if I accidentally pinched the bezel when carrying the device or even just shifting positions on the couch. The Oasis' buttons have removed that issue and I am delighted! The weight and thinness of the device are also appreciated tho the paper white etc are pretty thin already. The addition of the cover is interesting but after a month's use I think it's pretty clear the cover/battery is there only to boost the very short-lived battery in the kindle itself. "Months" of battery life just seems impossible unless you keep the screen at low illumination and only read a few minutes a day. The screen is clear and bright, I can't see any LED issues others have complained about and the interface does seem snappier than older versions. Ultimately the only real justification for buying this kindle is if you miss the page turn buttons and want to pay top dollar for them. Otherwise, the existing kindles will meet your needs.
I wanted to get my kids a tablet and this was the best option..Glad I made this decision my kids love the kindle
It is so fun to ask alexa and get an answer or listen to music which sounds great by the way. Very glad I purchased an Echo.
Keeps up with my appointments e-mails and all sorts of things I love it !
FireTV is intuitive and fast. We had both a FireTV and a Fire Stick. We returned the Fire Stick because it seemed to lag a lot. Both FireTV units work well. It allows us to use PlayStation Vue as our primary live TV. A combination of PS Vue and free over the air TV (OTA with indoor antenna) allowed us to cut the cable. We did upgrade our internet as Centurylink offered a free upgrade to 40 mbps. This eliminated buffering on programs when multiple units were in use. We are very happy with the quality of picture and the channels. We will save a lot of money over time and the TV experience is great. We also like the free On Demand programming. Very pleased with this product.
Nice and compact. Better than the older models.
I bought this to read books on. Excellent for that. Difficult to navigate otherwise
God tablet for young kids. Not as fast as an iPad, but it does the job.
Great selection of apps, books, overall everything, daughter loves it!
Wonderful little buy! Tired of my bulky tablet. This one stays charged a lot longer!
I love it. So easy to set up, couldnt believe how fast it is.
Good tablet for kidsand for adults.Does the job ...
great price on this tablet, now if only my kids could let me borrow it for a while
This works really well and is very easy to set up and use.
Bought tablet for my daughter and she loves it. Also I play it a lot. On it now writing this review
Good size, Easy to set up and use for my grandkids
Bought this for my granddaughter so i could get mine back. She loves it as expected!
My grandson loves it . He was very happy with it .
I bought this for my kids to play on. It fills that aspect great but the battery might last two hours of continuous use.
Needed somthing for sister who is always on the go, easily fits in her purse and she loves it.
This was easy to set up and use. It is an excellent product for Amazon Prime members. We have cancelled our satellite subscription since purchasing the Amazon Fire TV.
My wife is enjoying her new tablet because she is able to receive free books through her Kindle account!
It's great. This was a gift but my son loves it. Recommending it.
We bought this tablet for our son and there were a lot of free downloadable educational games and apps. Amazon also gave us $25 to purchase apps and ebooks!
This is a great buying experience from bestbuy. delivery is so fast and the product is amazing. Thumbs up for this product and bestbuy.
I purchased two of these tablet a pink and blue. They was for my 5 and 7 years children. They really love their tablets. Yes, it was a birthday gift.
Gift for Mom. This is her first tablet. She is having no issues so far.
Easy to use and clarity is wonderful! This was a present for my daughter and she loves it.
Great addition! Customizable news briefings, controls my wemo lights and has games for the kids and so much more. Love using Amazon Prime Music the most!
This tablet is very easy to use i bought it for my nephew and he's only 4 years old and he love it
I really like this tablet. Its fast and responsive and just the right size.
I purchased this as a replacement for an original Kindle. It's a great reader that works everywhere.
Good price for great product. Used reward points to help purchase. Very knowledgable sales person who could compare products
Can answer questions about anything found on the internet. Also plays music you request. Disappointed that it can't dial numbers via my cell phone though. A little expensive for what it does I think.
Great for what it is. The product is solid. Got it as a gift for family.
I love my Echo Tap! I have my own personal alarm, informs me on today's weather forcast and local events. Great purchase.
Not as good as the HDX but does well for $50. Also much slower than HDX. Screen is more pixelated than anticipated. Would probably spend more next time and get a quicker unit.
I am a teacher and bought a many of these during the Thanksgiving weekend sale. They have been a great asset in the classroom as an extra web browser. They are easy to use and set up. I don't personally read much on these devices, but would recommend them as an affordable and reliable tablet for every day use.
Bought this for my son who enjoys watching videos and listening to music. Good quality tablet and good screen.
Great little device that does almost everything a Tablet does. I use it as my computer when I travel as well as a reader.
The amazon fire TV box is the same as the firestick but its a quadcore processor instead of a dualcore
Easy to use. Good first tablet. Would highly recommend.
I've had the first gen firestick for a while and this is a definite upgrade. Smooth user interface and lightning fast response time. Tons of apps to choose from as well
Love my tablet, it is now my best of best friend!!!
Purchased for my son right before a family trip, This thing is great and packs all the features I could have asked for.
I did some research on different streaming devices before I bought the FireTV. I would highly recommend it. I actually just cancelled my cable subscription because it works that well. I'm now saving over $100/month, you can't beat that. There are tons of apps and everyone can watch what they want.
Alexa is a wonderful companion and will never fail to impress your friends. Want to know the weather in Texarkana or Timbuktu? No problem... just ask her. Or how far is it from here to Istanbul or Indianapolis? No sweat. Wanna hear some music? Just ask her to play The Eagles or Jackson Brown, Iron Maiden or Frank Sinatra. It's easy. And that's just scratching the surface.
great price on a tablet. Plus have always had great success with kindle.
Bought this for our 7 year old son for Christmas. Took it on a 1,000 Mile drive and it was great for watching movies and playing games. Only complaint we have is he was unable to download Madden Mobile on it. Not sure if it's the operating system or something else. Great size and would highly recommend as a cost effective tablet.
Great product clear video stream, very easy to hook up
I'm glad we purchased the TV. We have both and the streaming is better on the TV. Now to upgrade to 4K
I bought this to replace a dedicated kids tablet (another brand) that had wonderful software but not a replaceable battery. Barely got a year and a half out of the other brand. The price difference between this and the dedicated kids version was largely a software suite subscription so I bought this. Along with her mom we found free and age appropriate software. I loaded up a micro SD card with music and audio stories. Both grand daughters love it, as they are 5 and 3 I bought the bumper to help protect it. It's not in the same league as my Samsung tablet but for 1/8 its cost or 1/6 the cost of the dedicated kid brand it's great.
Got this for my granddaughter after her other one was dropped and cracked. She loves that she can watch all her YouTube videos on it!
Minimizes buffering, don't have to have wireless internet. Seems to load faster then the stick.
This is really nice, my first kindle ereader, it fits in my purse. Love this!
Perfect tablet for the avid reader. Great functions light blue light filter to safeguard circadian rhythm so you do not have trouble falling asleep after being exposed to the light of a typical tablet. Easy to use and fits perfectly in hand and not too heavy for onext handed use.
This is a great product. I wish it had a better guide to the skills that it has.
My mom loves it! She uses it everyday for everyday us and to video char
Switched from AppleTV to Fire TV and absolutely love it. Speedy, lots of capabilities due to Android OS.
The product is great once you download everything you need. I found it a little challenging taking it from place to place. It must connect to Wi-Fi to work and be loaded with the music you want to hear. It's great for your favorite spot in your home or office, then download songs, and don't move it.
My daughter seems to like it very much. Had to buy micro sd since memory is very small. Very happy.
Is a great tablet for small kids' wpuldnt buy ot for me though
Great price point for tablet, has front & back camera
Love the kindle. Perfect size and very easy to use.
Works as it should, this was a replacement of the same item.
Bought two of them as gifts for parents, arrived on time, satisfied and great for what you pay
with the Alexa voice it saves a lot of time and worry
Although this got great reviews, I am still trying to figure it out. When it doesn't understand my question I rephrase it and sometimes even then Alexa still can't answer. I have been reading about how to get the most out of Alexa but I'm actually still on the fence about whether or not I will keep it. Am I missing something? What is it that others see that I don't?
Perfect gift for my wife and I use it too! It's so easy on the eyes. It's like reading paper but the luxury of technology. Will be getting one for me soon!
This is my third one I have in my house. We love the ease of use and compatibility with all our online services. Works great. Never had an issue with any of them.
It is hard to beat this box. It is fast, has hardware acceleration for H264 and H265 (up to 4k) video, so it doesn't stutter, even with the highest quality videos. Android based OS easily sideloads apps like Kodi (SPMC) and Firefox browser. The remote is comfortable to use and is actually much easier to use than the current Apple TV (4th gen) remote. Having a microSDHC slot makes up for the dismal 8GB of internal storage. USB slot makes use of a standard wireless keyboard easy. I wish the homepage was more organized/customizeable like the AppleTV, but the apps and hardware itself is every bit as good IMO.
My adult special needs son LOVES Alexa! It's an amazing tool!
This is one of the neatest products on the market today. Fun for the whole family.
My mom had been wanting one for a while, so this was great.
Amazon Fire is perfect for families on the go! It fits well into backpacks, purses and briefcases!
Got this for our daughter for xmas. It's small enough for a child and easy to use.
We ABSOLUTLY love the echo. The sound quality is great and it hears me when I'm coming up the stairs. I would recommend this to anyone that wants to listen to music, control lights, our order from Amazon
These are wonderful items. Easy to use and work. Fast service and saves on my cable bill.
There's different things my daughter can do,on it, plus I can read on it as well.
I bought this tablet for my grandson as a birthday present. You can set time a child use it and what your child can view on the Internet
It is a good tablet, but is a little slow downloading apps
bought it to an alternative to the apple tv works amazing and best of all it was on the cheap
Simple and easy to use! Great basic tablet! Perfect for kids!
My kids love this tablet! They use it with ease! Great price too!
The screen is adequate and the service is reliable. I did not play with it much due to it being a gift. Sadly the person it was purchased for was unable to hold onto it long enough to use it (elderly lady). I still have it though, and it's a great little backup to my primary tablet.
This is my 3rd amazon fire tv box. I have no problems with the amazon fire tv. Great Product.
This is a nice and cheap android device. HD display and Amazon's sturdy build quality with 10 hours+ battery backup. Sometimes runs a little slow, rest is good
Need one for your kindle...
It is so much easier reading books with this. The backlight is good as long as set really low. It froze once, but it recovered.
If one is new to tablets, this little table is a good introduction to the tablet world. Much can be learned and accomplished for the small investment. Try one!
I have 3 dots and kinda stayed away from the echo, because seriously its the same thing except with a giant speaker. However I was super super wrong with how useful that giant speaker is, for one this thing is loud. At 10 I can hear it at the other side of a 2 story 3500 sq ft house. (like its next to me practically) The quality is incredible and the voice detection on it is awesome. Best purchase of the year!
Bought this for my 4 yr. old for Christmas, she loves it and is very easy to use. The battery lasts a long time
Absolutely love Alexa! Great sound quality and very easy to use. Love being able to just ask her questions and she can quickly answer. Also, fun to play games
I love asking Alexa to turn on my music, alarm clock, and lights!! Makes apartment life fun!!
The screen on this tablet is very nice- good picture.
Used to replace my wife's kindle classic that she loved to read books with.Had several Android tablets she tried to use, but they were too slow or responded incorrectly. This one is fast, responds properly and has far more capability than she is using. Only disadvantage compared to the classic is battery life, but it is certainly good enough.
I have seriously enjoyed having Alexa. She makes it a breeze to reorder any supplies I may need for my home such as toilet paper or trash bags. I also love playing jeopardy with her and listening to music. She's also an awesome smart home hub and was so easy to sync with my hue lights and speakers. Definitely a purchase I'm glad I made.
Easy enough for my 3 yr old to use, great deal!!!!
ok I have played three games it's great, have had no time to do other work yet
Bought it for Chistmas gift for daughter in-law. She loves it and i even got a better price than Amazon and AVAILABLE in store before Christmas!
Love the product!!! Like the way it was easy to assess the apps and email. Can use it anywhere especiallly at work with my clients.
Bought this for my nephew who reads a lot. He likes to download books and play games. Great price for the quality.
I had a Kindle. I loved it. The screen broke, I bought this as a replacement. I am impressed by the resolution and the backlight is awesome.
Bought this for my Aunt and she loves it so much, she uses it everyday and says its very easy to use.
Easy Setup and easy to use. I get new, weather and traffic before I get out of bed to look for the remote.
I like because I can download movies to watch offline with netflix
Me: Alexa...right this review for me. Alex: Write your own review.Me: I guess Alexa can't do everything...or maybe she just chooses not to. Hmmmmm.
You get what you pay for. It's $50 and that's about the quality you get. Overall works great but slow and crashes occasionally. Not the best battery.
This was a gift for my mom and she really likes it. However, there aren't a lot of apps to use with it.
Purchased these for Christmas gifts. Assuming they were satisfactory because I didn't hear of need for returning. Purchased as angel tree gifts for preteens.
I really like this - Great product and with a few work arounds fits great into the Apple Ecosystem!
This is a great table for an amazing price! It's perfect for reading books, playing games, checking email, etc. I would definitely reccomend this!
It's amazing. My daughter loves reading on it, watching Netflix, going online to look things up, etc. She loves the touchscreen aspect, and the settings are advanced, but very user friendly. Easy to navigate. Lots of great features for a very low price. The only negative is that the camera is not the best quality. But that's not important to her.
I love my echo. She would be amazing if she could Google things, but we can't have it all. Love that the kids can tell Alexa to put something on the list and it shows up on my phone
Quick Easy setup, fun & We use it all the time! Checking our commute, weather, jokes, recipes, to helpful to mention it all!
The Amazon Fire is amazing! Picture clarity and sound are excellent! I highly recommend this tablet! Love it!
It's great for doing anything on Amazon. However you cannot use Google cards to purchase anything with. They're great for reading books surfing the net games, are abundance and the processor is fast so you really don't have a lag
Great little tablet. Inexpensive so easy for taking with you without worry.
Intuitive little gadget that helps with everyday tasks and information. I like that it's portable and I can take it outside when I want.
These are very cool. Only bummer is my power adapter cord broke :( and I don't think they sell replacements
I like that I can control the time and content that my kids view
The Kindle Voyage is definitely the way to go. I bought this Kindle to replace my 1st generation Kindle because I wanted a more compact model and the 3G capability this one offers. I am definitely a fan!
I've owned firesticks in the past but the speed on the fire tv box is definitely much faster! Very happy.
This device is an integral part of having a smart home.
We have a lot of technology in our house. This is one great way to streamline and simplify the systems.
This tablet is a great deal! Simple to use, my son loves having access to all his favorite shows and games without having to ask to use my phone.
The number one aspect of this tablet is the fact that Amazon will stand behind it - for a short while. I am on my 3rd, all of which have been plagued with screen issues. Dead pixels. Everywhere. If you don't have them straight out of the box, great..but, they can develop - and in the great majority of these, they will develop. It is a known issue, and Amazon will (at least for now) replace the tablet at no charge to you. As of now, they have a 'zero dead pixel tolerance policy.' That will likely change (if it hasn't already). As far as operational ability of the tablet, it runs smoothly, and allows for up to a 32gb micro sd card - which I highly recommend, as they are absolutely boiling over with bloatware (if you buy an 8 gig, you'll have about 3.5 available to you). It is a decent tablet for browsing the internet, using as an e-reader (however, the screen isn't as bright as other e-readers), or mp3 player. As they say, you get what you pay for. This is a decent basic option.
We use this as an extra tablet for the coffee table and it does everything we need for a basic tablet
Good value for the price, basic tablet for every day use.
Purchased 2 of these Black Friday from our local Best Buy and gave them as gifts for xmas. Both people thought we spent a lot of money but we made out like bandits for under $40 each. GREAT PRODUCT ! Great gift for not a lot of money for anyone who your considering their first tablet. You can't go wrong here.
This was a Christmas present for our 8 year-old. It is perfect for kids. It was inexpensive, but it still gives him access to games and educational apps. Much to his dismay, we limit his screen time, but he really enjoys this product.
I'm very happy i chose the amazon fire tablet. It's easy to use and i easily got the apps i needed.
Works good, easy for my kids, but wish the regular Android apps all worked.
Excellent sound quality. Sleek and fun. Looking forward to using.
Pretty comparable to the other streaming devices I own other than the obvious Amazon geared menu.
Alexa has a lot of app usage. The speaker works fine for playing music, but I would not pay full price for it. I bought on sale, and I am happy enough to keep it, but I still Like my Google Home better.
We are very happy with this tablet the ability to expand the memory is awesome
This is the second kindle my daughter has been using and its been good.
I bought this for a gift. They seem to like it fine. I have a Dot and a Tap and use them a lot.
Great tablet and very easy to use. Also good battery life.
Preloaded with the reading app from Kindle but expandable with other apps. Perfect for travel. Carry your library, games and productivity apps in a small footprint.
I purchase a fire after my nook died. I had problems with the first one saying I was connected to the web , but not being able to connect. Took it back and the geek squad looked at it and after trouble shooting for a while, they decided there was something wrong with it, so I exchanged it for another one. We set it up and it worked initially, then I went home and the same thing happened as with tg first one. So I took it back and got my full refund . While not happy with product, best buy customer service made me happy.
What do you get someone who just turned 95???? A Kindle Fire 10! He loves reading and is absolutely thrilled to now own one. More importantly, he is excited about not having to go to the library each week.
After trying Apple TV, I'm happy with Amazon fire. The remote is great and easy set up
It turned out to be a good product. Glad I bought it, came in handy for school.
Bought this for my mom and she loves it. Very user friendly
Works smooth as butter. Better than chrome cast. All
Great online experience. Thanks for making it easy for older people so they can understand what to do. Awesome buy and it was awesome to shop at home. THANKS, Best Buy. Queenie
great device so far. still learning new features on it daily
They've done a great job with the voice recognition and it works with so many different services and has so many capabilities. Loving Alexa
I have enjoyed how easy this tablet is to use. My 3 year old can flip through it easily. It was the perfect choice.
Functionality and ease of use are outstanding right out of the the box. Super clear screen and weight is minimum and is a joy to use.
I like the fun we have with it but I wish it was a better quality speaker system for music.
We have had a Kindle Fire for years. My wife used it exclusively for reading. She grew frustrated of the constant random reboots and difficulty to see the screen. this device has cured all those issues. Longer battery life, stable hardware, and ease of viewing make this a winner.
my daughter is girly so the fact that its pink is perfect! we take it everywhere with no fears of her breaking it when it drops and she stays entertained .
This thing is awesome! Makes life a little bit simpler
I bought this product for my son to use for school, its easy and battery is really good! He loves it
My grandson loves it. He said his games don't freeze up on this one.
I am a Flight Attendant and I love this small sleek book!!!! It is a must have. The only thing I would change is, I would add audio
Small enough to fit into a small bag. Wonderful to use to pass the time when waiting for transportations and appointments and the paperwhite can be used in low level lighting. It is easy to use.
Great tablet if you have an amazon prime account. Not able to download some apps that are current. works better if you stay with in amazon.
Has everything you will ever need inside. For children and adultsA+++
This is truly a great streamer! I know you have other video streamers which are great and I'm sure they are but I used this video streamer for Pandora, YouTube, Netflix, CNBC, and Slingbox and I have to say, it is absolutely great. I've had no issues since installing it.
I got this for my 3 year old after he broke my tablet. It is perfect for him! I love that it comes with all the games and apps. He has dropped it several times and no issues.
This was for our grandson and he loves it!! He is able to do his school work on it. Parents monitor it closely so he is able to have 3 games on it. Very pleased with it. We also got a good case for it which is good protection for it.
my grandson really loves it, is reading a lot of books already.
I bought it for kindle books and was amazed by its overall features. Its Kindle with features of a TAB.
Its now a part of our family. Its so much easier to ask for the time in the morning while my eyes are still closed and lights off. Setting the alarm has been a breeze too. Just before we go to sleep me tell Alexa to to sing us some songs and we tell it to stop and its done. I am now looking forward to get the lights connected to this as well.. Love it so far. The only thing is I wish it had a better search features that would search on the web.
This tablet is great for teenagers! I purchased two for my nephews and they were really happy! They immediately began to set it up and download free games. They love it!
My husband bought this on Black Friday at a really great price! He loves how lightweight this is, and offers him his email, internet functionality and books, of course. Great buy!
My family love it and y husband is crazy with this
Very compact and functional. I especially like the screen color choices in the Kindle Reader.
My daughter got this tablet for Christmas and is very happy with it. The parental controls are awesome and make me feel safe as a parent. Only complaint is that is doesn't come with set up instructions.
His amazon echo is a must for a smart home Apliance.
My parents loved receiving this for Christmas! Old people friendly. ;)
I got this for my wife to replace her original kindle that finally died. She loves it and it even food in the same case.
The Amazon Fire TV is great. It was easy to set up and start using. The menu is very user friendly and easy to navigate.
The speaker sounds so much better than the dot. I stream music through there constantly.
Of the three streaming boxes i have owned this one is hands down the best. I added Playstation Vue app and now i get 59 cable channels. Prime movies, music, and TV is awesome.
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson who loves to read, he is very pleased with it and finds it easy to navigate and use. I would recommend it, really good price too.
Love the resolution at night.. Very sharp and clear. A must have one
Good Quality tablet but the only drawback is that you cannot download every app that a normal android user wants!!
Everything is locked out to Amazon, no compatibility with the Google Play Store and a lot of games the children play are on the Play Store. This product is bad because it is locked into only Amazon services.
Has an efficient battery and works well. I've had every Kindle since the second generation and it is my favorite to date. I love the Amazon distressed leather cover.
I purchased this for my 85 year old father, who is hard to gift for. So far he seems to enjoy it. I will be adding some additional smart devices to make it more useful (lighting, thermostat, etc.). I've run into a few hiccups - for instance asking driving directions doesn't work. Nothing major though - all in all, it's a good purchase!
Nice tablet with good speed and nice assortment of features, Good for kids with less than a need for a laptop.
A perfect gift for family members is getting them an Alexa and providing them the opportunity to enjoy and benefit from all the functionality Alexa provides. This was a big hit for our oldest son and his wife and family!
Very little buffering. Easy to use. Worth the extra money if you get a lot of buffering when trying to stream.
Perfect. Stream tv easy to use remote. Easy to set up
this is another gift for a friend who enjoyed very much.
Very nice display and high resolution! A pleasure to read.
Ordering this online to pick up at the store was easy until I got to the store where, as usual, there were workers standing around yet I had to wait several minutes for someone to address me at the pickup desk then I had to wait to pay for it at the registers. I would have thought I could purchase it at the pickup center. Honestly, if it weren't for the increased risk of stolen delivery items during the Christmas season, I probably would have gone with Amazon to purchase the Kindle. (The price was the same through both retailers.)
I bought this as a gift for my wife, it's the perfect size for commuting on the train, battery is amazing, and so easy to use!
Inexpensive beginner tablet for little kids. Has anything they can ask for for a good price. Amazon did a good job on offering technology to practically anybody.
Just purchased as a Christmas gift for my glambaby & she loves it !!!! Very nice case for little clumsy & at times rough hands!!!
I prefer apple products myself. But this is perfect for children
I Love it...!!... It's so compact and lightweight.
I bought this as an upgrade to my old Kindle. The backlighting is great, now my wife does not have to leave the lights on at night to read.
I got this on an impulse buy, mostly for my 16+ hour flight, but also just in general. Was in line buying something when I saw this at an unbelievable price! So I bought it and have no regrets! For the price ($69.99) it's a great tablet, though you can only get apps through the amazon app store not the Android app store, which limits you. But that's alright, as I mostly got it for watching videos and movies and that sort of stuff. And occasionally some games!
I love my Amazon Echo so much that I had to buy one for work too.Now all my friends want one. It entertains all ages from kids to adults. Helps with my book keeping, and keeps me up to date one the news. She has a sense of humor too! II can't wait to have Alex control my electronics.
This is terrific. What a joy. Easy to install. Easy to use.
I replaced my old kindle as it took a power failure hit. The new kindle has been updated and it is easier to download the e-books. I am learning some of the new updates but it appears to be more user friendly than my old one. Customer Service for the Kindle is available 24/7 and they are very helpful. You can get a review about any book before you purchase it. No returning books to the library.
Works very well and easy to set up. Use this to stream DTN.
Use expanding all the time. Would be a 5 if more consistent with finding answers in a google-like capacity. Bought this one for my sis, and she LOVES it for playing specific music genres
Brought it for a Christmas present for someone who reads a lot. Easy to use and user friendly
No regrets with this device. The Paperwhite from Amazon is a cheaper model that's worth looking into if this model is too much. I used to read on various iOS/Android tablets but wanted to get something that allows me to read ebooks but also have weeks of battery life on a single charge. All those books on such a small and thin device is still amazing to me. This and the official Amazon case is what I use.
Smaller overall size with the same screen size of our older kindle fire. Faster processor.
This is great for a reader. I was hoping to get a Kindle Paperwhite that had internet access through a browser. From I can tell that option is not available. But, we definately wanted the PaperWhite.
All I bought this for is to wake up in morning easier. It wakes me during my lightest part of sleep within a 30 minute window . That was what made me get this over fitbit.
Love it!!! My amazon prime membership keeps on giving... amazon shopping first, amazon TV next... now now fire tablet.. wow.... free movies and books download... and this tablet can handle it. at lower price point than HD. i was worried about its screen.. but, you know what? it still looks good. i guess when i look at it side by side with my other galaxy tab, i can see the difference. But, when i just watch this, it looks great. I have been watching HD TV for awhile now. So, if it is bad, i will know. this one is still pretty good.
If you're already fully committed to the 'Amazon' ecosystem - as in: you have a Prime account, then this is a decent buy. I found it hard to get used to having advertisements in your face, and all the Amazon branding you see everywhere. Aside from those annoyances, the device itself is quite sleek and works fine for Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Video streaming. Playing files directly from a USB drive or MicsoSD card was a bit clunky but still do-able. An active internet connection is required to use most features of the device.
Couldn't beat the value for this with the Black Friday price. They aren't the best tablets, but they do a lot for the price.
It works well for my daughter no complaints works well
Great for kids use, not a lot of internal storage so a memory card is useful
the new sound and the faster speed plus other improvments are great
It is extremely handy and easy to use. The library of books available on Amazon is extensive. The ability to have a device that can hold hundred of book in the palm of your hand is unparalleled.
Works very well. it's fast and responsive. When i saw that it's quad core and has micro sd card i snapped it up, and couldn't be happier with it!
I like the echo, however, it needs more instructions as to how to install various music, games, etc.
the type resolution is fantastic and the screen brightness auto adjust compensates perfectly for both dark rooms and full sunshine on the beach!
there were so many movies to pick from and also so many tv shows to watch all in great quality.
I bought this item to give as a gift. I have my own kindle fire 8, so I figured the kindle 7 will be a nice gift for my niece. It delivered what I expected a kindle will do for ereaders.
My wife asked me to get her an Echo for Mother's Day and man, am I proud I did. She loves it. She gets the weather report regularly and ask Alexa a lot of questions. Frequently I hear songs she asks Alexa to play. What a fantastic machine!
its a great great gift that can be used by everyone
I bought this for my 10 year old son so he could read books and of course play games. I bought a 16gb micro SD card to use with it because I knew the 8gb wouldn't be enough.My son loves it! He reads his books and plays all types of games. And thanks to the Amazon Underground app most of his games are free. While this tablet doesn't have enough power for me it is perfect for him!
I like the tablet. Great price. But the charging cord is to short and there isn't an indicator light to inform you when the tablet is charging.
It has been a great device to read books, and the price is awesome too.
Great tablet for easy operation. Was a great upgrade for a family member.
The black friday price was good for this tablet. Too many ads, but for what I use it for, it is great.
Awesome for the price and great for the kids when you are traveling
Has been on my granddaughters kindle for many month and still working great
So far I haven't had any trouble with this tablet. Only thing that sucks is this I can't text from it. If anyone who's an app for it let me know! Thank you !
Great upgrade/replacement. No problems with it at all.
It's simple and not difficult for young children to learn. Also is build sturdy in case it does get dropped more than a few times.
Bought this as a gift for my 2yr old. He loves it. Couldn't tear him away from it even when the batteries die. Wanted to get him his own data plan for when we travel longer distances so I attempted to add him to my phone plan. The only problem is the device doesn't have the option to add a sim-card, so my attempt was futile. Its really draining on my phones battery life and data to keep tethering. Soon will be looking in to another tablet/iPad option that allows for the usage of a sim-card some way or another when WiFi isn't available.
Love it, easy to program to our wifi devices. Would recommend
I needed a stream player to cut cable . So I went with the amazon tv. Has it all internal storage and capability to add a SD card. Works great with kodi
It takes some time to understand all the possibilities with the Echo, but it does really cool stuff. I'd add the sound quality is much better than I had expected as well.
Love this tablet, I bought this for my nephew and he absolutely loves it.
I bought 2, 1 for my wife to replace her older tablet and 1 for my grandson, who is 8 yrs old. They both love their fire. My wife has told me it is fast and easy to operate while my grandson takes it everywhere and plays games on it.
I got this for my son so I can read him books and he can play a few games. it is easy to use and i Like how you can setup for it to work kid mode
This is a nice and inexpensive tablet. Great for reading on or looking up info on the Internet. Only downfall is you can't download some online games onto it.
Perfect for what I need. Quality product that I feel I can use for a while.
I bought for my niece and she loves it. The fact that you can add memory is good because the 16gb will fill up fast...
It's the best tablet $50 can buy. touch screen is better then my first gen nexus 7.
Great tablet for kids very entertaining and informative for kids learning
it is good product.i like best buy.Excellent service.
I have get to be disappointed by a tablet from Amazon. This Fire is amazing. For the price, the speed and quality of this can not be beaten. The features are endless and the screen is beautiful. This is so much more than an e-reader. If you are in the market for both a e-reader and a versatile tablet, you can not go wrong with this.
The Amazon Fire Hd8 has great features. The size is perfect to carry anywhere. Excellent apps and accessible to books, movies, games etc. Clear screen. it was very quick and easy to setup and begin using.
Works smooth and easy will recommend to friends and family
Bought this after dropping cable. The Vue is the only subscription (about $35 month) that offered NFL NETWORK, SEC, and ESPN with DVR like capabilities...PlayStation offers a cloud service included. Minor issues with the app. So far it is definitely worth it. I suggest researching which channels PlayStation Vue offers to compare with what you currently watch. You do need a smart tv and high speed internet with a great connection.
We prefer the Google Home; it has easy setup, and neighbors communications are not transmitted to us.
We are loving our Alexa. I am ready to get the Dot for another room. The speakers sound phenomenal for the music! She will connect you to radio stations for your music preference as well. I am a prime member, so be careful when your kids start to talk to her. Make sure you do the parental settings in your Amazon account, if not your kids will be signing you up for trial memberships from Amazon. My 7 year old thinks this is cool & loves to ask her things.
I like this product and most anything from best buy.The product is easy to operate.
We have 2 fire sticks and 1 fire TV. This is a great into. Love the voice search remote. NEED TO BE ABLE TO ACCESS APPLE ITUNES.You will not be able to stream Vudu and Apple on this device. Recommended. We are Amazon Prime which I also highly recommend to maximize value for this product.
I love all the apps. All your favorite shows and movies at your fingertips
Really good and solid tablet, especially for kids. Highly recommend that you buy the case that goes with it too.
I play a lot of music on it and it sounds so crystal clear!
I love my Alexa.She is smart,convienient and fun.I am still learning new things about her.
Bought echo at my store and was very exited however it's not what I expected... overall it's good but not for my lifestyle
It's a $50 tablet, you're not going to get all the bells and whistles. We got it for my toddler daughter to load apps, games and movies to take with her in the car/out to eat. You may already know that it does not come with standard Google apps so you cannot use your gmail to use apps from the Play store. There are workarounds found on YouTube that you can load Google apps through a 3rd party, and I easily did that but found that even those workarounds do not work for the Movies/TV app, so we can't watch any of her purchased movies on this which was the main objective. Apps and games load from your gmail fine so that is what she is now using it for. For $35 on Black Friday I guess it is still worth it. Just really wanted her movies on it.The UI is very basic and promotes purchases everywhere. The lock screen advertisement is obnoxious but I guess they have to make their money somewhere. I took all the bloatware Amazon apps that you can't delete and put them into a single folder to make it less cluttered with junk that my daughter wouldn't need. Also helping to avoid involuntary purchases. The camera is miserable on it, not that I ever use the camera even on my $500 Samsung, but just an FYI. Haven't used it enough to really comment on functionality or reliability. In the end, it's a >$50 tablet, but a decent one at that. But you defintely get what you pay for
This product is what you pay for. Got it on black Friday at less than 40 dollars. It uses are basic and good for my kids. If you need a babysitter, it comes into play for an hour. Battery life is pretty good
Love it, even my grandbabies love the echo they always asking her questions
Family enjoying asking questions and listening to music
Bought for my children. Holds plenty of apps. Safe to use with parental controls. Pretty durable but definitely recommend buying a screensaver and case for it.
Great for the kids to play with and easy to monitor their time spent on it and the content they can access.
I bought this for my daughter 17 and my nephew 6. They both loved it. It's lightweight inexpensive and very easy to use and set up .The one drawn back you need be on wifi.
Great product. I purchased it for its Playstation Vue and HBO Now streaming capabilities, as well as its ability to stream 4k programming. Nice if paired with an Amazon Prime subscription.
We LOVE Alexa. This AI is so helpful. We use this daily and look forward to the many new uses in our home.
Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.
My grandson has thoroughly enjoyed it. Easy to use. He frequently sends us messages and pictures.
I like the size it fits right in my pocket and its not bulky
My daughter really enjoys this tablet. She can't basically do everything except call out.
The Kindle line is great for easily syncing into existing Amazon accounts & it's a great tablet for basic functions, like internet use, video streaming, music streaming, apps, etc.etc.etc. However, the tablet cannot currently stream downloaded movies from Ultraviolet, which is a pain for most users that primarily bought this device for that purpose. I would currently not recommend the purchase of this device until you find out that Amazon has fixed the issue, if one of your criteria(s) for the perfect tablet is to be able to watch downloaded movies!
The best gift I could have ever given to my girlfriend! She loves it and I can play video games!
The Kindle Paperwhite is an awesome alternative to a paperback book. Great reading and lighting in all angles and lighting conditions. Price is great compared to similar devices. Great at what its designed for - I highly recommend if you want a dedicated reading tablet.
This is for our 2 year old. Yes, she is 2 and yes she knows how to use these. This tablet is perfect for simple use, children, reading, etc. I wouldn't want to boggle it down with hundreds of apps, but this does it's job and was a great deal at that price!
So fun and exciting and informative :) it was a present for my boyfriend and he calls her his real girlfriend lol
I purchased this Kindle for my wife because her Kindle Fire gives off too much glare to use in sunny conditions. Besides being able to use it while riding in the car during daytime, the biggest advantage she found is that it is significantly lighter than the Fire. Since she reads for hours on end that is a big plus. The main drawback is that the graphics aren't as clear with this reader. All in all, it was money well spent.
It is light to hold. It does work great in the sunlight, which is the reason I bought this product. I used the Kindle app on other devices.
Its not exactly pink, but magenta is close enough. Girls like random anyways.
Works just as advertised. 4K streaming looks really good.
Wanted to upgrade my Kindle and this one is perfect.
It is a little hard to figure out how to put the programs into the Echo bc we are not really super savvy on doing this type of application.
Bought this for my 3rd grader when her school suggested to parents to get a tablet, they use them occasionally in school. This inexpensive one fits the bill just fine.
I got the Amazon - Fire - 7 - Tablet - 16GB - Blue for my 9 year old granddaughter. It is user friendly and she is able to navigate and use the tablet with ease. It is a great tool for her in school work since there are numerous apps. she is able to use for multiplication and division facts. A great product!
I love this Kindle. This is the second one I have purchased. It's easy to use, had great background light.
The primary use is for Playstation Vue. The unit works very well and I have no regrets leaving Direct TV, so much cheaper. I haven't noticed a quality drop and am very happy with how the fire tv works.
I purchased the kindle fire for a vacation we were going on and really only thought i would use it for books and maybe a few games but was surprised at how well i was able to access the internet with it. the only thing that i can say negative about it is the sun glare. in the sun it is next to impossible to see what is on the screen. indoors or shade and it is fine
This is a great item to use with kids. I like adding memory as needed. I love the kindle fire aspects....some items can be read by text to speech.I think the kids will like the camera, their old kindle fires did not have this.
My grandkids like to use my tablet when they come to visit. I bought them each one for at home.
Practical and easy to use. Does what it needs to for the price
We received this as a gift and questioned its usefulness. After setup we feel in love with it. It is both fun and useful.
The Kindle Fire is an excellent tablet for the price. Each member of my family has one and they meet all our needs and hold up very well.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT THE PRICE AND THE QUALITY ARE GOOD
Excellent tablet great for reading.This tablet is also good 4 games but could use longer battery life
This tablet was a gift for my nephews and nieces to share (ages 4-8). Their eyes lit up as soon as they tore off the paper and saw the bright orange package. It was easy to set up and they were quickly downloading and installing their favorite games from the Amazon App Store. Screen quality appears to be very good and processing speed is very quick! Our only regret is that we didn't buy the 3-pack so that they each could have their own instead of sharing! Great performance value and much appreciated gift!
Great educational tool. Not just a toy. Kids love it .
This is really nice and has great clarity I like it.
No glare anywhere--even on the beach! Also you can read in the dark with no problems.
I love my Amazon Fire, it's easy to download books, fun to read and I use it to catch up on my Facebook and email accounts.
The Kindle Fire 7" is a very nice reader. I love how small and light it is.
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
There are no words except greatest thing created! We use this thing every single day! We watch old and new movies and tv shows!
The pages look like actual pages from a book to allow for easier reading. Bought this for my mother in her 60's and she loves it!
Super fast and easy to use. Great device, able to do much more than before.
This box is probably one of the best things that I've ever purchased!
Buy this one instead of the fire stick if you want an Ethernet connection. With my internet it runs flawlessly. Great product. Purchasing 2 more for other tvs.
We bought this for our five yr old. We bought a case with a handle from amazon making it fairly durable. He enjoys the games. It is fairly easy to use and he is able to navigate on his own. I really like that you can set parental limits on it
I bought this tablet for my 5-year old son, and it's an amazing tablet. It has two different user options available, one which an adult can use as a regular tablet and one just for kids with a password keeping them from messing with things they shouldn't have access to. I am loading it with the digital downloads of movies so my kids can watch it in the car on the go. For anyone interested in that, all you do is download it to the Amazon Play on the adult user side, go into settings and select Share for the movie you want your child to have on their side. It's great if your child needs a tablet but you don't want them to have access to the internet or run up cellular charges on games.
Amazing product and very useful I love it !! I recommend
I have used both paperwhite and voyage, and voyage has improved its support on the files, allowing you to customize the format especially when you are reading in a foreign language.
Cons:Isn't compatible with some of my Google apps that I use daily.Does not operate the latest Facebook updates.Camera image quality is poor.Pros:Smooth interface, user friendly.Good battery life.Supports kids' separate profiles so that it may be shared by family members.Easily syncs with other devices.
I ordered the extra case not knowing the device came with a case.
Cant beat the price on these tablets. I take it into the sauna with me so I can surf online and send emails while in there. It holds up well in hot conditions. Cant say the same for my cell phone, and I wouldn't dare try doing it with my laptops.
Great tablet for the price. Easy for kids to use & great parental controls. Good educational apps & books for students. Worth the purchase.
What a deal, this tablet has all you need to get basic things accomplished and enough power to complete more difficult tasks. Highly recommended for the price, value
Awesome product it is better than the stick highly recommended
We are still getting used to remembering to use Echo. There are plenty of applications that we have yet to try! I love that Alexa plays music for my every mood! We're adding a second one upstairs!
Love this! So easy to use and great for music or to get a quick question answered. Can't wait to get it set up all the way to control lights, etc.
Bought this tablet for our family to use. Does a great job and my son uses it for videos and games and school apps. The parental controls were a little difficult and time consuming to set up but other than that it has been great! I would definately buy again.
Are used to have an old laptop hooked up to my TV to view all of my streaming apps. This makes everything much easier. No problems, easy to set up, easy to use.
We have one at home to we thought it would be fun to have at the office to place music. However you can only stream 1 Alexa per music account which is annoying. They should have a subscription package like Netflix that allows more then one device to stream for a higher cost per month if needed.
My son really likes the larger screen to play games.
I picked up 2 of these for my girls (ages 5 and7). They are constantly on them to play games and watch movies. At $50 each, these are great alternatives to an IPad. Also, there is no angst if they are lost or broken.
Easy tablet to use. Great camera.Touch screen. Very clear screen.
This is the perfect tablet for a toddler. I feel like there is stuff for him to now, but he can also grow with it. And it's built like a tank.
I love the Amazon Echo. It's able to do so many things. I have started a smart home and it can control switches, lights, thermostat and much more. The speaker on the Echo is great. She can answer your questions, set alarms and kitchen timers, dim lights and play your favorite music.
Good product for the price - my granddaughter loved it.
Love this tablet. It's big enough so I can see. It works with my prime so I can watch movies or stream music.
This is a must have if you have an amazon prime membership!!
Alexa can be very useful. Alexa is like your personal assistant. She can tell you reminders, put things on your calendar for you, play games, tell you the weather in the news, give you advice on which recipes would be to your liking, and tell you jokes. She has thousands of skills which are like apps on my phone. You have to enable them and then she will complete what you want her to do.
I have always been an iPad user but I love the kindle fire 8. It has everything you need and more and so much less expensive.
Great product that is easy to install and setup. It does not come with an HDMI cable so be sure to have one handy. On a side note, your email with get spam continuously with Amazon Advertisement to be sure to unsubscribe as soon as you can.
Best and most affordable option of all the Kindle devices available.
This compact device is easy to use and can be taken anywhere. It is a pleasure to have your favorite book with you when you have some down time.
holds a charge better than any tablet i have ever had
the description sounded like the base unit was included with the coding game - which it was not.
Solid tablet with good performance, WiFi connectivity and app availability. It doesn't have all the breadth of apps that iOS or Android has, but the choices are reasonable. Most importantly (for me), this Fire HD tablet is a very good web browser, eReader and video streaming device. So, I would rate it highly for these functions alone
It is so easy to read on the Kindle. It works inside or outside. How did I ever make it without my Kindle?
Gir two for my sisters well worth the $50. Simple present for anyone
Good for everyday use. But it better fits people who are a bit experienced
The battery lasts very long. This saves me so much space at home!! I take it with me everywhere gym, work, long trips!! Very happy with my purchase...
So cool & easy to use. It was easy to connect & sounds really good.
This was a gift for my niece's birthday. She loves it .Plus the kid safe
This is a great entry-level tablet for the casual user looking for simple web browsing, email access, and low resolution media such as ebooks, streaming movies, and games. The hardware feels sturdy in your hand and the display boasts a scratch resistant surface as opposed to less durable products found in this price range. It isn't lightening fast but loads and runs most apps quickly and smoothly.
gave item as a gift, bought on Black Friday at a great price.
It is a good reading device. When the price drop to 100 dollar, it is a deal. You need to buy one at that level.
I'm loving my kindle fire. It does everything I need it to do and more.
Only regret not buying the larger one but I don't read alot at a time so it will work just fine
Have an original kindle but need a new one and can use this outside
Will not stay connected to WiFi. When it is connected, device has to be within 6-8 ft. of router. Need this in the kitchen. Don't want to walk 25+ feet to use it. My other wifi devices work everywhere in the house as well as most of yard and garden. So I don't get it. Sick of looking at it - useless.
This Amazon fire TV stick is faster than the older versions. I have not had any buffering while using this device.
This is the second Fire tablet for $35 that I purchased this season. They are a great value and Best Buy has been a great place to buy them
I have this and I also have a Roku in my den. They both have their pros and cons. I do not use the remote which came with it. I use my harmony remotes to control the devices. I also have an echo. I like the front end on the Fire TV better than the Roku. The biggest con for me is the Fire TV doesn't have the VUDU app.
Amazon account dependent speaker with decent sound
I like this tablet a lot. The size is good. The screen is good. It functions well. This is my second fire tablet. I really like that it automatically installs (syncs) apps from my first tablet at start up. Very convenient. The price was very good. Ordered on line with same day pick up at the local best buy. SWEET!
Great sound quality. Great way to control other smart devices and/or paired equipment.
Perfect for my elderly mom to play games and use for reading
Great for Entertainment and easy to use.Just give Echo a command and it will respond.
goes with the kindle for charging port
I really like this product. The kids can play all their games on it (even Minecraft) and they are really enjoying them. The one drawback was that it was hard to get them set up for each person with the parental controls. You really had to fiddle with it to figure that part out.
Bought it for my wife and the fire does not have to be recharged as often as the paper white. she likes it
I love the amazon speaker!!! It has a voice activated speaker named Alexa and she is full of incredible tasks. I connected her to my lights and I can have her control them from anywhere in the house!!!
The scene is flawless and is fast when looking stuff up
Helps keep my son entertained on long rides, and it's pretty indestructible.
Tap is a versatile device that serves as a music repository with on demand playback features and surprisingly high quality sound. AI app Alexa responds to commands and requests for information promptly with some occasional minor glitches. Overall a handy and very portable device for quality music playback and as a knowledge base access tool,
The things you can ask her are unlimited as long as you download the program you want into the echo app. But there are so many too go through not 100% sure what's good and what's not
Quad core processing and the extra RAM makes this device really fast and the GUI makes it easy to use.
This product is great. Very fast and responsive and allows you to cutomize however you feel.
She loves reading books on it and it is very easy on the eyes
Fire TV is great to watch our favorite movies and shows on. We have great wi-fi but some things play better than others on the Fire. The buffering when it does this will get on your nerves but all in all we like Fire TV.
Faster than the fire stick and more memory, so less maintenance. I would of given 5 stars, but you have to buy a hdmi cable unlike the stick which just plugs in.
Purchases this 7 inch tablet almost three weeks ago and have been very happy about it. It's perfect for reading. Web browsing and watching Amazon prime videos.
I gave this Amazon charger only four stars, because even though it does a great job of charging my new Paperwhite quickly it should be included with the reader and not sold separately.
My son really enjoys his tablet especially the books and videos
I used daily and its works awesome, the price and performance are good I suggested to my friends , bought last yrs as well gave to my dad, he loves it.
Fantastic product for a fantastic price and a fantastic service!!!!!
this is a great product best on the market will recommend
Easy to download app & set up. Pairs perfectly with the Philips Hue.
Entertaining and fun to quiz and listen to. Music is great.
Can't say enough good things about this product. Very happy with the way that Alexa integrates into my life. Well designed and well executed. I'm waiting for Amazon Dot's to put around my home.
Bought this during black friday for $60. while I'm skeptical at first, it turns out to be a solid tablet for everyday use. Not to mentioned the great low price!
If I purchased it at the sale price -- $25 cheaper -- I'd be giving it 5*. Amazon has a few kinks -- please focus on services I have setup -- but on the whole it's easy to find content.
Got the fire stick and the fire tv. I like that I can plug the tv straight to the router with Ethernet cable. Seems to load pages faster and streams better with sling tv. Both are great items.
This is a superb tablet for the price. It doesn't come with the Android operating system. It has Amazon's operating system. The battery last a good long time and apps run very fast. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a tablet.
I bought two of these tablets for my twin boys bday! They just turned 8 years old on Aug 22. They really like them. Also the graphics are awesome. I really would like to get the purple for myself.
My daughter likes this tablet to play her online games!
It is a great addition to my home office. My Alexa is upstairs.
Even though it is a little pricy, I like my new Kindle Voyage. It looks smaller, but it is because it's only the screen - no buttons. It is lightweight. You can scroll and turn pages with touch screen press or with physical small buttons on the side. It is automatically adjusts to different light conditions.
much easier to see games than iphone and to read:)
I have been a big fan of Amazon Kindles for the last five years. Each time a new one comes out I hesitated to buy, simply because my old one was working perfectly. Christmas I was looking for that gift that my wife would like. She too is a big Kindle fan. I grabbed a paperwhite for her for Christmas. For the next five days, I kept hearing how great it was compared to the old one. So off to Best Buy to buy the second. These are top notice upgrade. I don't think I have grabbed my Kindle and gotten the weak or dead battery logo. It has an amazing battery life. On top of that, the backlight works fantastic in low light environments. I can sit on a plane and read with no issues.
My second purchase, new font is very readable in any light and especially outdoors. The battery life is great, no recharging every night like a phone or tablet.
This has met all my expectations and they are continually adding features to Alexa without any updating or upgrading by me.
Bought the tablet for my niece. She loves it, a lot
I buy the amazon firetv im happy with the quality picture and sound i really recomend to try this product
We purchased this tablet for our son for Christmas, to replace a malfunctioning Kindle Fire 7. We like Kindle for our kids for the parental controls. So far, this Kindle has performed fine. He seems happy with it.
Kindle Paperwhite is the perfect reader. It's small size fits into a purse or carry all, and the light weight makes it very easy to hold. The response time when buying books is very fast. It is the perfect addition to the Kindle family. I also recommend purchasing the leather cover.
Very kool watch all your Tv shows and movies we must Tell the humans
A nice high quality tablet with a fast processor. Superb image quality, long battery life, and a great value. Equal quality and performance of an IPad at a fraction of the cost.
Kids love this to access Facebook and all their games, it's very easy to set up and use
Perfect tablet for my niece. Don't have to worry about her getting into anything she's not suppose to. Also don't have to worry about her watching things that aren't appropriate for her age.
Great variety in free movies and tv to watch as well as games!
This tablet give you the opportunity of everything, surf the web, email, music, games, etc.
The Amazon Fire TV box is a wonderful device. I love the Alexa voice search feature. Wish there were more movie options for Amazon Prime members.
This was purchased as a gift for my son. Now I'm thinking of getting two more, one for me and one for my other son. So need I say more. If I had this in my own home I probably would have given it 5 stars. I only gave it 4 stars because I haven't used it first hand
I love the Alexa, it's so convenient, I have it in my kitchen so its readily accessible for music and trivia! The sound is great, love the music choices and the shopping list is a fantastic option.
was just the right size for my husband.and was just what he wanted.was a very good buy for him.thanks alot.
It's awesome.. makes lole sp much easier. Hands free music. And my kid loves it!
Loved it so much I bought another one for the bedroom. Now we have an Echo up and down. Also got 3 Dots for the kids to use as alarms.
This is a great streaming device so many options. I love Amazon Fire tv.
Great addition for the family new ways to have entertainment and Knowledge.
I believe it depends on how you want to use it. I bought this for my young kids and they are loving it. They can do basic stuff like surf the internet, watch youtube and play some games. The only complaint that I have is that sometimes it does not charge, even if you have have it connected for the whole night. You just have to restart the pad so that it can charge, but that is the only glitch.
This is a nice low price entry point into the tablet market. Some folks use them allot, while others don't. This is a non-expensive way to find out.
This is my second fire reader. I like how compact it is and also that can add sim card which I have. Only negative is I wish the battery life was a little better.
This was perfect for my 5 year old u can set it to their profile so they can't buy anything or access the app you don't want them too. Best buy for kids who want a tablet!
I bough this for my daughter and it's perfect for her little tiny hands, I just wish that the screen would lock when she is watching her shows because she gets excited and touches the screen and it pauses or chances the show or it goes to other apps. Overall it's a great product for a small child
I really appreciate the new design and features of the new Kindle Paperwhite. It makes spending time reading time well spent. Comfortable in your hand and easy on your eyes. Very enjoyable!
Alexa has changed our lives...get one...get one now
a great price, small and light tablet to take with you anywhere
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
I buy these often for trade show booth prizes. The customers are always excited about them, and they make great gifts!
Light weight, adjustable brightness, no glare, long battery life.This is a great way to read a book!
This is my second Fire, the other one is now retired. I like having HD. Works just fine.
The Amazon Fire 7 Tablet is a great device for kids to play games and watch movies on line. Good parental controls.
Bought this for my mother to replace older RCA tablet and this one is so much better! She loves it!
I like this device a lot. Very good battery life and like the fact this is linked to my Amazon account for books and music.
Light weight, easy to use and stays charged much longer than my previous one. Paper white is easier to read in low light too.
Store employees were very helpful. They had enough knowledge to help me select a great tablet.
Great tablet for a little kid. I was debating between this and an ipad but figured an ipad would be way too much for a tablet. Its nice because you can switch users. If you want something simple , then this is the one for you.
Luv the tablet and reading the books resolution is great
Bought for reading while traveling. The battery last a long time.
Its a little expensive but is a good Product, I will recommend this one over the Amazon TV stick
Love having the wireless tap to use anywhere. It's small, sound is good. charges up quickly. Bough the sling to protect it outside.
Best thing to replace Att U450. No more pricey cable bills
I love this tablet. I got one for each one of the kids all different ages and they all love it.
It took me a good 6 months to finally purchase one of these but now I am so glad I did! I can ask Alexa anything I would normally Google, set a timer for cooking, listen to music, etc. I've just purchased so I know there's so much more that can be done and I really look forward to learning more about the product. I've "liked" the Alexa FB page which gives me new things to try each day. Love this item!
I very much enjoy my echo. Easy news and weather blasts. Music ,games and trivia. But it can be difficult to get apps to work. Overall very happy with my purchase and enjoy interacting with alexa.
This replaces my old Kindle and works just as well only it is easier to carry
Very happy that I can finally view HDR content on Amazon and Netflix with this. Only gripe I have is navigating thru this software is a little confusing. Not too bad though.
Bought this for my wife and she loves it definitely worth it
Item works well. Best choice for Cord Cutters. Wish I did this earlier...
My wife and I both love our Kindles, easy to use and easy on the eyes. Much better than reading on a normal tablet.
I bought this after subscribing to an Amazon Prime membership. This is a great little tablet at such a low price.. too good of a deal to pass up when it was on sale. It has the ability to talk to Alexa, surf the web, listen to music and read books/magazines (lots of free music and books for Prime members).
When we first purchased the Fire TV we watched all seasons of a particular TV show from Amazon Prime. It was great! We got "hooked" on the show and watched every episode. The Fire TV is great for this purpose. In addition, we have been watching movies that we normally would have to rent or purchase. Finally, we no longer have a cable TV service, which has saved us hundreds of dollars!
The echo works well, has good sound and is an interesting concept. Where it falls short is in the quality of the search results. It often responds that it doesn't understand the question or does not have information about what is asked. I have returned and will purchase the Google home system when it is released.
I purchased the echo just to see what all the talk was about. I found that it works well and really makes life easier. I get my wake up alert, music, and news with ease. My mornings run so smooth and easy.
The kids love it and are always on it. Would recommend to anyone.
great tablet for my four years old son. he had been through three other cheap tablets. this is far better built for a toddler. especial for the price.
It does the job required. It is easy to set up and use.
I absolutely love the Echo! I tell Alexa what kind of music to play and she plays it. Great as a timer in the kitchen, controls my Nest, answers random questions you may have and even tells jokes! I plan on buying more "smart home" devices to get even more use from it.
I returned the item because itt was not wireless. It always needed to be plugged in in order to work. Otherwise it was a great product. I was looking for something that could be taken from level to level as well as outside with ease.
Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
I love to ask it to play my Pandora station while I cook!
I have a kindle and wanted more options. I love the bigger screen. I find it easy to read. It can have some reflection under lights but not much.
Amazing product which allows me to easily keep up with my E-Mail.
We are still learning all the abilities of the tablet. This is new tech to us. At this point it has certainly been a good item for the money invested.
would buy again , amazing product would buy again best has great service
I bought this as a gift for my father. He absolutely loves it!!
The Amazon Echo is simply awesome. It plays music of your choice. It will tell you about the weather, give traffic updates, tell you jokes. Even tell you about planets. If you have an Amazon stick or tv. It will change channels or even pull up the shows you watch. You can even ask to turn on lights or change their colors and if you have ADT Pulse, you can arm/disarm your system. Amazon Echo is always learning. I don't know what I would do without her... Yeah it's a her and her name is Alexa. Once you have one... you will understand.
very interesting how Alexa knows mostly everything
I bought this to use for streaming services and it works great
I was impressed with the quality I got for the price. I would recommend this product ti others.
I liked my really old one a bit better. It broke after 5 years suddenly. The screen failed. I had to pay over 20 bucks extra to get rid of the ads to Amazon. I wasn't aware of this when I first bought so it was more expensive than expected.
Bought for my Mom, easy to use, simple and she can load all of her books onto her tablet.
ECHO is great, still learning but Alexa is full of apps skills. Love how responsive it is.
Wanted too try something different instead of apple, this purchase is amazing, some shows are down loaded in Full 4 k amazing picture. Great purchase
Good size for space I had for the TV. The color is good.
This version of it is harder to use. Prefer old one
This is the best tablet to get for the amount of money you will spend. It has everything you need. Maybe not the best camera but I phone for that.
Bought this primarily to side load Kodi on it for viewing on my new 4k Samsung. Makes an excellent platform for what I use it for. Also enjoy the voice activation of music depending on what I'm in the mood for. No more Pandora!
I bought this for my wife. She loves it. It works very well, no problems. She plays a lot of games on it.
Impulse buy, but great choice. Super useful everyday
I love Alexa! I'm very busy Person so i like the fact she will turn on my favorite radio station tell me brief news and order my favorite Pizza from Dominos and play trivia games. There's room for improvement but I got it on sale sonfor the money paid I'm happy with it.
Bought it for a 2 year old and she loves it. The only thing she uses it for is YouTube videos
Purchased two of these for my kids. They are not the fastest tablets but provide good options and connectivity for kids use. Games work great.
It's a great product. I not only have books that I read on there but also can download games for my kids.
The kindle is a great alternative to buying so many books. I bought my kindle and have over 100 books to read at any time. The new kindle lets me read at night without any other lighting.
The tablet works nice for reading and surfing the internet. It also has decent choice of games to download from Amazon. It also plays video decent, but the resolution on the screen on the screen is a little lacking, It is not an iPad Air, but as a basic tablet it functions well for the price.
Awesome within budget tablet.Great display & battery.
And never talks back. This is the best product out there to demonstrate just what technology can do for the average person, and it is constantly updated.every home should have one!
Work as expected Would recommend to a friend good product
Good tablet, very good quality. The screen looks great. It is quick and easy to use. The only bad thing is the applications, it does not have YouTube is another similar application but it is very bad. But for the price it seems advisable and affordable.
The best thing I bought . I kicked My cable provider out and got this. It was he ebay thing I did
Great lightweight tablet you can carry around anywhere
My wife has had one for quite a bit and she was always telling me this was the way to go. No matter how low I put the brightness on my phone, it was still a very harsh light. I can easily set the brightness to a comfortable level, still use it in any light, and I find I fall asleep faster at night side it is easy in the eyes.
I was looking for an affordable tablet for my kid. This was a great buy.
Grandson picked it up & used it right away. He enjoys the tablet.
Awesome product for reason on the go! And great quality doesn't hurt my eyes and I can see it clearly day or night!
I bought this for my God daughter whom just wanted to FaceTime on Facebook messenger. Works great for the price.
Responsive to voice. Has good quality sound. Wish it was wireless!
I think this tablet is better for simple usage. Not so much for a whole lot of apps and games, as the memory is used up SUPER FAST for only being 8GB (when in reality you don't get the full 8GB to begin with). I got this for my 7yr old daughter and the apps eat up the memory which eventually slow down the tablet and make it kick off the wifi because there isn't enough memory for it to fully function. You pretty much HAVE to get a memory card for it with atleast 16GB or more. But for a starter and for basic stuff...checking social media etc it's fine. And for a starter tablet for kids.
A good enough tablet with great features and very decent screen quality.
Highly recommend, fast reliable signal, great quality and convient
i bought this for my husband and he loves using it
This tablet is very small and efficient. My daughter just loves it... I can say it's basic beginner savvy.
Simple to use. Easily customized. Great speakers. Responds quickly. Responds to any voice. Tells good jokes. Turns on lamp for me when asked so can have light to see when entering house
Works as described. Love the kid friendly foam protector. It stopped working within 2 months of purchase. Amazon just sent new one without a real fuss. Inconvenient, but no real fuss. I hope this one lasts longer.
The basic Kindle Fire is a perfect tablet for someone who doesn't need all the bells and whistles of an IPad. I bought this one for my daughter to replace her first generation Fire. She primarily uses her tablet to read books, play games, and surf the web. This product provides all those options at a great price.
This is a pretty good little tablet for a beginner. I bought this for my 11 year old son and he loves it!
perfect android box for your living room never miss a movie a sporting event or your favorite shows when you and Kodi just buy it
This tablet offers amazing value for the price. It is not hd but still offers good resolution. Reminds me of the graphics on the first iPad or iPad mini 1. Performance is right up there with the more expensive models. With the ability to add more storage with an SD card, and Amazon customer service, you really can't go wrong with this one.
Amazon Fire TV navigates with ease except for downloading to ES file.
Best starter device in place of an iPad or computer.
Purchased for 6 year old. Love free time. Parental controls are great. Can set to read books before playing games. Also can set time limits
Very easy to use and small enough to travel with. I slide it right into my bag.
It's great. I can control my 2 a/c thermostats and tv with it. Looking for more things i can control with.
Amazon Fire is great for reading my Kindle Books, checking email, facebook, or checking out the internet. Haven't ck'd out what else I can do with it, but I'm sure there is a lot.
This is a great e-reader, perhaps a little pricey but well worth the money. It is extremely light and the e-ink is very readable.
Easy to operate, a child can use it, mean apps. The camera and chat an Time are a very good feature. Amazon make it easy to use.
I wanted a simple tablet to be able to download ebooks from my local library and get some more reading done. This definitely fits the bill! It's portable and slim and I can take it anywhere. Would definitely recommend!
4k on Fire if you want a 4k streaming with Amazon.
Nice size and color. It was easy to grip. very pleased
Great value great picture quality fast processor lots of streaming content and games
We've been a FIRE fan since day-one and this one does not disappoint! Get it! You won't regret it!
Great tv app viewer menus are crisp and the content first rate
Love the new fire hd 8. Price is amazing and if you are an amazon prime mbr its even better! Great for the kids as you can lock their profiles to a kids mode and they can't buy anything. If i had one downfall its the smaller amount of apps available than apple or google play.
It works great with the our new Kindle.
Not the greatest for productivity but it's very good at entertaining kids at a cheap price.
This is a great reader. My 14 year old loves it and uses it for school work.
I highly recommend the Amazon Echo. The range of information and music are fun and help keep me up on current events.
Alexa works great. It was easy to set-up and to us. My wife uses it for playing music through her iPhone and is very happy with it. I am always finding and learning new things with Alexa.
I like the shape and size of this Kindle, and the graphics are good. But if I play a game for very long the charge seems to run out pretty quickly. It is very good for books and for music. I would recommend it for those categories.
Bought this tablet for my little cousin and it fitted him perfectly. After 2 or 3 years, i might get him a bigger one.
this product is very nice. I bought it as a birthday present and the person loves it
Love this product ...good sound and easy to use !!
Awesome product, works great. Good for listening to music, asking questions, connecting to smart devices, and much more!
I brought the tablet for my step mom who isn't very familiar with technology. It was easy for her to operate and a great price.
Good speaker. I've learned to really like Alexa. She's more than a speaker. Lots of options. Carry it around for use on our outside decks.
An Amazon fire tablet for $50!? Need I say more. Worth every penny.
Purchased for 10 and 8 yr old for xmas. They loved them. Excellent price as well. PErfect for this age group without buying a child tablet
My 2 year old granddaughter loves her Amazon kids edition. It's amazing how she knows how to get to her favorite educational program. I live the color pink case very sturdy
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
What good device I recommend these product,Works fine
Bought this as a gift for my niece. Hope she likes it
You can not block Bing and it shows "trending now" News content. This can not be deleted or blocked. It also types ahead and adds content.
This is the 5th or 6th Fire TV I have purchased. Now I have them in every room and have completely cancelled cable. Just pay $60 a month for internet now and use my Fire TV's with the Zeus TV Box program downloaded. Now I get all the movies and tv shows I want for free. And the Fire TV has super fast download speeds. Will be buying more for the family this year.
You can't do better for$60. My only concerns is the battery life could be a bit better and it has a cheap plastic feel to it. Great for light browsing and Kindle reading though.
I bought this tablet as a 13th birthday present for my niece. She loves it and takes it everywhere. She reads books and watches Netflix just to name a few things you can do with this tablet.
Can play almost all songs that I request for.. Very helpful when asked about weather forecasts and news.. Great source of entertainment for me and my husband!
I love this best gadget I have bought in a long time
You really can't go too wrong with this purchase because of the price. Works very well, but don't expect iPad quality. Does everything I've asked of it, but some web pages are harder to read partially because of it's small size (which can be handy) and it's lower resolution. It's a good second tablet and is better watching a movie on, then a smaller phone. Can throw it in a small travel bag and not feel you have to be quite so careful with it as you might be with a more expensive tablet.
This device is very responsive and couples very well with an Amazon Membership.
Love this device. It is so much fun to use. I listen to music including 60's classics. Get weather report, traffic report, late breaking news. I can control my lighting with Echo.
This was a gift for my grandmother and she loves it. It's easy to use, portable, and the battery last long.
This is a wonderful e-reader but I hate that you can only store books on the device. It takes up way too much space.
Functions as expected
I bought two, my 7 yr old loves it, my 13 yr old likes it. I think they are a great value for the price.
It works great. Awesome device. A great way to ditch your cable service provider.
I bought this and onother color at the same time. Great item no complaint
The battery life had been incredible. Fits in my wife's hands comfortably. She can't wait to get her next book.
Got this for My Mom for downloading books and games, she LOVES it, very easy to set up and use, Great product!!
It was a gift to each of my children (3) for anniversaries/birthdays. They all love it for variety of movies and ease of setup and use. No complaints.
It is very good. I like it. I will buy more items on bestbuy.com.
We love the Amazon Fire. It is so easy to hook up and so easy to use.Great resource for movies, watching series and just about anything you could be interested in.
I got this for myself on black Friday. I have had 2 Kindles before but never the Fire. Love it!
My first kindle and would buy another one. It does what I expected it to and more.
Worked as good as I was hoping. Easy to use and uploads fast
My Kindle Fire is much better than my previous Kindle. Works well in bright day light and user friendly. Access to books and downloading is more streamlined with this device. I'd not hesitate to buy again for myself or as a gift.
I bought this as a mother's day gift for my mother. She has not had much experience with tablets. This was a perfect choice for her. Doesn't do anything. Crazy but works great for free to play games and kindle books and apps.
Love it!! I have had other readers and this is the best one by far!
I bought this to replace a firestick I gave to a family member. Faster, due to its ability to connect via Ethernet to your router. It also has the ability to allow a hard drive to plug into it. A fantastic device!
Excellent product & amazing things it does. Nice clarity & functionality
I like this product. I have the fire stick, but wanted to move to a faster processor so I could run Kodi. Works well.
Made this purchase for my daughter. She is used to iOS but was able to figure out the differences very quickly and had no issues. Its great to have a cheaper tablet for her movies and games, especially during road trips
Bought this for my son for Christmas has been the biggest problem I have ever seen I would never give this to anyone again it's better being a paper weight
Everyone needs to stop reading reviews and go out and buy the Echo! I used to ask myself the most random things; what is half of 3/4, do aliens exist, and how tall is Khloe Kardashian. Well, no more awkward silences to my own questions. Alexa has been a massive help in answering my questions. Alexa has made my life so much easier and I don't even have to push any buttons. Alexa is a computer and not a human, so you have to ask Alexa questions as if you were typing it in Google BUT you have to say Alexa, followed by your question. Definitely some kinks to work out but as a GEN1 product, the Amazon Echo is awesome! Literally, stop reading this review and just purchase it!
The Amazon Kids Fire keeps my grandson captivated with lots of activities. He loves that it's just right for his little hands. He makes sure that everyone in the family knows the Kindle belongs to him by saying, "It's mine!"
Got this for Black Friday and the price was awesome, great for kids, easy to use and battery life is good! Nice charger and screen resolution is great. Great tablet overall
This tablet is designed primarily to sell, distribute and store media purchased from the Amazon.com product line, ie Kindle e-books, movies viewed or stored from their online movie streaming service, etc., and it does that very well.Reasonably sharp screen, good sound, good battery life and decent component materials. It uses their version of the Android OS which they call the Fire OS which is decently responsive and fairly intuitive to use - Be aware that you cannot install or run most apps purchased from the Google Play store, but must rely on Amazon's own app store which is decent, but not as extensive as either Apple's or Google's.
Better than commercials!!! Used for holiday party everyone tried it out and a few bought one for themselves!
Does a good job with what I do easy to add apps. It has decent performance
navigation needs more work, no pointer feature sucks, definitely NOT a point-and-click systemes explore for web browsing is antiquated and needs replacedvoice alexa feature does NOT work inside apps to control the app, so careful what you say or needless purchases are madeno disable option for voice featurestill one of the cheapest ways to run kodi program direct to telly in HDMI tho.one can still load app for plex server for NAS playback via streaming, though it is extremely difficult to navigate the plex download page in es explore.its faster than old version, has Bluetooth 4.1 instead of 3.1, has a quad-core instead of dual-core processor, and doesn't seem to get hot after hours of play like old version did.But, If Amazon ever blocked third party apps like kodi and plex I would never buy an amazon product again tho.Not an amazon prime member and never will be, why pay for programming that I can get for free.
The Echo is very easy to set up and super easy to use. I am amazed at the songs that I can ask Alexa to play! I am thrilled with my Echo!!
Hooked up my tv, speakers, lights and cameras to Alexa!
It's not as easy to use but battery life is great. It's just taking time for me to get used to it.
The Amazon fire hd 8 is great. Much faster than the fire 7.
Great mini portable smart stereo for a beginner! Sitting in my hot tub listening to free Pandora. Alexa controls my Hue Go lighting. Also portable. Cant wait to get the Hue Bloom for the back porch too. These are my relaxation toys to wind down with on the back porch at the end of a long day. I also use Alexa in the house. She controls lighting in the bedrooms and kitchen and Im increasingly learning more about her. She gives me my daily flash briefing of the news. She answers questions like who sang that song and so on. Lots of FUN!
I am impressed with the quality of the Amazon Fire for the price
Had to buy a new kindle because on my fire hd 7 the battery quit holding a charge. Was told there was nothing you could do.
Bought it for my mom, she like to play games in her tablet is it is perfect.
Bought tha laptop for my wife to use she really enjoys it
Does everything you need for "daily" use. Easy to set up, easy to use, price is great!
Great camera for a beginner very easy to understand
Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied
Both the Nook and Kindle are. Easy on the eyes but the Kindle is able to get books from many sources"
Easy to use...simple set up. I'd recommend it to anyone
No complaints. Excellent for relaxing to read, enjoy a movie, or play games through the plethora of apps.
Bought after seeing my son's echo while on a visit. My wife loved it so bought her one upon our return home.
I have been very pleased with my Voyage. It operates as advertised and has been a pleasure to use. Very well pleased with battery life.
I bought this tablet for my 19 year old nephew for Xmas. He's currently enrolled in his sophomore year in college. I figured he could use this for some homework, projects but also for fun. After taking out and playing with it a little bit, I bought another for my mom and my 13 year old niece!
Once the drop in feature came around I knew it was time to get an echo for most rooms of the house. They serve as an intercom, and we can listen to music and ask questions. It's great.
Was ok till it fell off table landed flat face down the broke screen my granddaughter threw unit and didn't break but it fell then broke so what good is bumper on unit if that happens
We got this for our son. He is always wanting to play on Mom's tablet so we thought this would be a good choice. His aunt does a lot of tech shopping and bought this same one for his sister so we got the same one. Within a month the charging cord on both units quit working and shortly after that the ports became squirly so you have to hold them just right or they don't charge. Save your money and get a more expensive but better quality product.
I got this to control my Hue lightbulbs and it works great. Surprised at how fast it is!
was able to get this on black friday awesome deal for an awesome tablet!
Bought this to use with my kindle voyage and I love it. It charges my Kindle in 3 hours or less sometimes and the battery lasts for weeks.
Excellent device to have if you travel a lot. Hooks right up to the hotel TV and gives you access to all of the great content you have at home. Works great!
Will be in the market to buy another one soon Great job Amazon
Got this as a housewarming for a friend who bought a new house.
I bought this tablet for my mom for Christmas and she loves it!
I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
Upgrade from Fire Stick and it's the best decision I made. It's fast, easy to setup, and came with loaded apps. NO MORE CABLE FEE.
No issues runs games and internet well. ,,,,,,,,,,,,
This Echo device is great. The sound is awesome, There is so much this thing can do just talk to it it talks back. One thing I have that will listen to me. Just kidding.
This Kindle Fire is very easy to use and has so many apps. Love it!
Doesn't understand anything I ask and not very good at answering questions.I am extremely disappointed.
Fun talking to Alexa and getting quick replies for so many questions.
Handy device to have near family rm and kitchen. Great timer for cooking and excellent speaker for any kind of music.
I think this model is better than the latest voyage model...
The amazon fire tv is great in all aspects and is so fast
I have a four year old daughter who has learned a lot from using this tablet. The child feature is great because she can access everything for her age in one area ( with parental settings of course). I really love this tablet
I knew I wanted a tablet for school but wasn't sure of what to get. Also didn't want something too expensive. This tablet has been of great use. I use Amazon prime and have access to a lot of school books. It is easy to navigate and the charge lasts a long time.
We have gotten new Kindle every year grand children love them
You can do a lot with this box to set it up for free movies if you know anything about computers.
This is my first fire and I love it! It is perfect for taking my books on the go without having the large bulky books!
Very user friendly, perfect for my daughter's school research and books. She is very happy
Definitely better than my prior kindle. I do not need reading light anymore
Need a little patience with fast forwarding and pausing . But great picture quality.
This kindle is very slow at recharging. Granddaughter has a hard time waiting for it to charge.
Got this for my son. Love it! I get email notifications for every download so it's super easy to make sure he doesn't downloads ad anything inappropriate. Great little tablet
easy to use, practical, bigger than a phone smaller than an ipadeasy on the eyes. the only draw back is the touch screen needs to be easier. one must tap harder to open the apps. otherwise very satisfied with this item
Less buffering and better picture than previous Fire TV stick.
This device is a nice starter tablet for kids. The Fire OS with Freetime Unlimited (free for 1 year) is an excellent environment. The warranty is great, and had we kept the device I'm sure we would have had the opportunity to use it. However, the device we received in the "Kids Edition" box was not registered as a "Kids Edition" with Amazon, thus the FreetimeUnlimited plan only lasted 30 days and the "Kids Edition" warranty did not apply. Amazon could not register the Fire as a "Kids Edition" so it was returned.
This is my secondvAlexa. One at home one at beach. Great for playing music without searching for stations.
This is my second Echo and I also have purchased 2 of the small ones. They are great and will buy more for gifts this Christmas.
Enjoy listening to music and asking to research items.
This item makes a great gift. It's small and very affordable compared to other 7 inch tablets. Navigating the tablet and closing apps are a bit of a learning curve.
Very satisfied with this purchase! If you have a doubt Alexa will get you an answer.
The device is great to have in your home...like asking what the weather would be like...playing your favorite sound etc.
The service was great and the help I received thanks
Amazon fire TV was easy to install and the content is great..
This works fine. It's a tablet! It does things well!
This is a perfect product for people who use amazon's services.
Don't know how I managed without Alexa. Everyone in the family is enjoying her.
Bought for my daughter she loves it. Great investment for her watching movies!!
Regulat TV has taken a beck step to the Fire product. Footbal and sports access in general makes this a great option to cable TV.
This devise is awesome you can do so much with this adult toy makes life easier at times highly recommend
All the apps you need and they keep adding more , and now with the Amazon echo Alexa you can control your smart devices by saying " Alexa turn on my lights , or TV or Shades or music or locks I mean it's endless even my Sonos. Get this thing , Apple or Chrome can't touch this at all.
Got this for my grandmother who's not very tech savvy but she was able to learn how to use it quickly.
Works great as a movie player. All I use it for is watching movies on an airplane or at sea.
Great speakers. Wish Spotify would work without having to upgrade to Premium in order to link it. Still trying to learn all the functional features so that I can maximize its use.
She really loves using this table, it's easy and simple. Having so much fun playing games. Her Christmas gift was exactly what she wanted. She dropped it a couple of times with no damages.
This device is very innovative and fun to use and some learning curve on how to use voice command. Its speaker can be improved though it's a bit deep base, lacks of manual control and hope the upgrade will include more features and compatible with Google. Overall very good product.
Purchased for parents who wanted to use it for photos, music, books and social media. Perfect size. The front and rear camera are easy to use and once we added FB, sharing photos was easy. Amazon apps are native to the device, so we have access to plenty of Kindle books. There are Amazon ads on the Kindle, but nothing that interferes with the overall usefulness of this device.
The 8 inch Amazon Fire 6th edition is by the far the best tablet in the Amazon market. The 7-inch is a nice size, but the 8-inch has better screen resolution and longer battery life. If you are an Amazon Prime member, this is a must have tablet. Also, the Amazon magnetic case does a great job in protection and sleek-ness.
Love fireTVs and Firesticks. They always work well.
Got this for my nieces, they use it daily! Works great with decent specs all around.
Great product for music and smart home devices. using it to control philip Hue.
The plug in part of the charger is fine BUT cord could certainly be longer.
I bought this tablet during black friday for 60 dollars and it is well worth the price. Definitely an upgrade from the first gen tablet.
my 14 year old granddaughter loves her tablet. She uses it to stay connected to her friends on FB and watches movies on it!
I had known Amazon was going to release the next Generation a few weeks after I bought this one! OTOH, my wife is happy with it. It just offended my geek side. However, it has Alexa and integrates well with my Philips Hue equipment.
Works perfectly.
I had bought this tablet for my sister who is wheel chair bound or she lays in her bed. She gets a lot of Joy from using the tablet.Its big screen helps her see things better.
The Kindle is the best E Reader on the market. Bright screen and great selection of books
I use my kindle for reading only. I don't care for the internet part of it so I don't use it for internet purposes at all.
This is an intermediate size tablet that works very well for its designed purpose. The price was good and it has plenty of acc.
This tablet conked out on me the first day I powered it on. The Amazon symbol came up and never went past that screen. I was highly annoyed because I purchased it as a first to send it out of the country. My biggest mistake was trusting that everything would work fine, instead I should've powered on the device to ensure everything was fine.
Awesome gadget to have in the household. Even more of a plus when you link it to all the supporting smart devices like nest, etc
Excellent for small task and gaming for all ages .
Bought this for my mom who has never owned a tablet before, she love's it.easy to use!
Great gift for my sonEasy to useEasy set upLight weight
I have had both the Kindle and the Nook ereader. They are similar in almost every way, with one big difference.Amazon has more ebooks available, and they slightly cheaper.Plus, then I bought the Kindle, it was on sale for $99, making it the same price as the Nook.
This is the right device to play with puzzles, you can avoid samsung/verizon constant advertisements. Only wish the battery would last longer or charge faster.
This is definitely not an iPad or a high end tablet. Nevertheless, for the discounted price that i paid on it (so, less than $50), it is well worth getting. I wanted something bigger while waiting for the next iPad Air to come out, and this fits the bill for paying little and getting a basic low end tablet. It is geared towards Amazon media consumption, ad it does that decently even with a screen resolution less than HD. If the sale comes back again where it is $15 off, I would not hesitate to recommend it again.
Checking e-mail is a breeze. All the apps you could ever want. I don't need my computer anymore.
Awesome product, would purchase again! I highly recommend.
I bought three of these tablets. One for each of my boys. They are 5, 6, and seven years old and I have to tell Them to put these down. They would play with them all day if they could
I'm very happy that I purchased the Amazon tv with voice remote. I was spending $108 a month, so I'm looking forward to the savings!
Very easy to use and has a bunch of great features. The voice remote and app make it even better.
I LOVE THIS AMAZON FIRE. AND THE PRICE IS AFFORDABLE. LOVE IT
This unit has a speaker built-in. The bullet has to be connected to an external source in order for it to obey the commands. Great purchase
I purchased this for my wife so that she has an option other than her phone or laptop to browse the internet.
I got this as a gift. My mom is really enjoying it. It works great!
This Protective Case was just right for my Kindle.
Best tablet for the price by far. Its also conveint they have it in stock at best buy.
Works well, sounds great, fills up bedroom with good sound and controls lights. Good value at under $100 (current sale).
It was good. I like it. Easy and simple to use. Better than apple ipad
Nice. Processor power was never a problem with the original Fire TV, so for streaming purposes, the new chip mainly serves to support 4K Ultra HD playback. Provided you have a 4K TV with an HDCP 2.2-enabled HDMI port, along with a fast Internet connection (Amazon recommends 15Mbps), you can stream Ultra HD content from either Amazon Video or Netflix. The Fire TV even labels Ultra HD content from Amazon video on the home screen, so you can quickly jump in.
This tablet is very easy to set up and use- it's just as advertised.
I already had purchased a Fire Stick, because I am a gadget nut and, well, reasons... *heh*. I decided to move up as part of a cord cutting drive, and this unit really shines. With more compute power and buffering space, it does a really nice job, even on fast moving source material. I also like the voice input.
Our 4 grand kids use these daily charge after charge sometimes .youngest is almost 3 oldest is 9 Just watch the charging cable connection easily broken if charging while using
Alexa works great with music. Just wish you didn't need premium spotty to use it on alexa.
This was a Christmas present for our child and it was exactly what we expected.
This Kindle makes reading even more enjoyable. Very light in the hand, amazing back light. Very highly recommended.
The amazon fire tv is a really good streaming unit. I cut the cord about a year ago and I have a roku 3 that I also use. Only 2 complaints about the fire tv: 1) amazon pushes their services at you. If you can get past that, it's worth it. 2) the WiFi connection is not as strong as the roku 3. I've had to basically leave the fire tv upstairs (router is upstairs) and the roku downstairs. When I've tried to use the fire tv downstairs it buffers continuously. The roku has never buffered. I like both as both offer some channels not available on the other. I'll look into wifi-extenders so that I can use either throughout the house.
Got this as a gift for my Mom who reads a ton. She loves it for reading and great portability. Great tablet for the price.
Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better
Happy with quality and resolution. Would recommend
Great for reading! Light is perfect and does not hurt your eyes. If you are always on the go the Kindle is for you!
Very good screen for outdoors and nighttime use. Lightweight.
So cool after playing with this for a while now I would never spend the money on an apple for what I am doing with it.
Very nice eReader - a big step up from the basic reader that I started with.
My nephew loved this for Christmas. He can now read, surf the web, play games, watch movies all on his kindle fire. Definitely an aunt win!
This device is much slower than other similar devices on the market. The internet connection is not stable, even when direct in via Ethernet.
My daughter loves it. She's a little rough with and throws it sometimes but it's still good. I did have a soft case on it though.
She is so amazing music quality great can ask her a lot and she controls smart devices
Good for the price hard to beat it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My son and i use the tablet everyday 2 times morning and night and theres so much to do on it.
I got it as a gift for Mom. She loves it! It is not to complicated.
Love this little tablet. Price makes it easy to love.
We canceled cable and love our firebox. It saves us about $200 a month.
I wish I didn't wait to get this. It is so much faster than using a DVD player for apps like Hulu and Netfliz. Plus the voice serach is handy.
Not easy to navigate and download apps to the device
The Kindle is better than the older version in the fact that I have used it a lot with game apps for the kids and it was bogged down with memory being used up but I held out on purchasing a new one the scores and in app purchases won't transfer to the new one so I got the new one and it works fast updates apps camera is not so good but all and all 3 stars
I just love the Amazon Echo. It does so many things that I've almost started to take them for granted. From the time I get up in the morning or when I get home from work Alexis is ready. First thing in the morning I ask about the weather and a synopsis of the news. I have her play music while I'm getting ready for work. I can set a timer if I'm cooking or to remind me it's time to leave. If a question pops into my head I can ask Alexis. If I want to know what's on my calendar for the day, I ask Alexis. Where have you been all my life?
I bought this for reading but love the extras. Works great! Great reading options.
Great for reading, game playing, searching the web and social media.
Love it, screw cable. I save a lot of money every month
Great alternative to Ipad mini and the out of pocket cost is much less.
This is a great media box! Streaming is smooth and the remote is simple and easy to use.
I have enjoyed many features this tablet has to offer.
My son had the original kindle fire. It was great! Simple to use. It finally bit the dust. I bought a new one. They made it way to complicated. It is going back. The power button won't turn off. The notification box won't stay off the screen & the apps wont run. They just keep loading.
So user friendly that I had it for over a month before I read the owners guide to learn all the other features. Makes reading a book effortless. A must have for the avid book reader.
I bought an echo, tap and dot..... doing it over again, I would buy 2 taps. Sound from the echo is slightly better than the tap, but I LOVE the portability of the tap at 30% less. Cant go wrong with either echo or tap.
My 4yr old was able to operate it flawlessly. The included case works its magic to keep the tablet from any accidental screen cracks.
I use my Kindle Fire mostly for reading Kindle books and I am pleased with this inexpensive little tablet.
The first thing I noticed about the echo wasn't speaker is very loud and clear. I can hear it from a good distance away. I'm upstairs in my house I can hear the speaker which is on the bottom floor. She responds to my music request how to make shopping list tells me the weather and gives me daily news updates I like this better than the Google home assistant since the speaker so much better
Works great No issues Awsome productGoing to buy another one
Great product, great replacement for Smart TV. Will recommend.
Simple but effitient. I bought it to use mainly as a good cost benefit music player device. The Fire has some limited apps for the purpose I get it but it works fine. As I had no tablets yet I discovered I can use it for other things. Yes, it works fine as a tablet and I am learning to love it.
I love the ability to pick and choose magazines, books and more at my leisure. Also love being a prime member and getting a free new book each month as well as 1000s of other selections from Kindle Unlimited! LOVE!
This was the perfect gift for my grand kids they love it.
This is the center of my home theater system. Plays music, movies and anything else you throw at it. Excellent!
I love the kindle reader. It is great when traveling to have books to read without having to carry around multiple books. Also very easy to read outside
Hard to beat, especially during Black Friday at $35. Meets the needs.
The tablet is easy to access and it was affordable.
Great product. I would recommend it to anyone looking for an item like this one. I add it for a joke and weather report every day.
This was the hit of Christmas!! Worth every penny. So much fun. So many capabilities.....too many to list.
Easy to use and great quality. All 3 of my kids have a Kindle Fire
Was looking for a gift for someone who has everything. This fit the bill. It's fun as well as useful. My husband mostly uses it for news and weather updates and I use it for playing music and keeping up with my shopping and to-do lists but it can do much more.
Bought as a gift for my husband. Works as expected.
Love the silver color and larger screen also easy to navigate
I have an iPad mini but it's impossible to see in the sun. I started thinking about getting a kindle while on vacation and trying to read a book at the pool. Damp hands,wrinkled pages - sunscreen all made the experience icky. I live the size, battery power, ease of use and you can see it outside.
It was an excellent purchase from best buy. I would recommend buying this if you Netflix.
Couldn't ask for anything better it's better then apple
a gift. He LOVES it. was a reasonable price. thks.
The tablet itself was nice, but the screen was to small for books, videos, and minecraft.
My Grandkids love their kindle!! It offers so much for learning YouTube etc
I love the Fire Kindle/tablet. This is my 3rd kindle, 2nd Fire. The new Fire is so much easier to use as a tablet plus nothing beats a kindle for reading books. This Fire is much easier to use than my husband's Samsung tablet
Great table. Great price i recomend this product im very happy
I am pleased that my 6 year old grandson was happy with his gift
I didn't think I would use this device as much as I do now that I have one. She is full of information.
I picked this tablet for my sister It was reasonably priced and simple to use. She is really enjoying seeing her children and grandchildren's pics.
Love the added space. Easy to move around in. I am excited to use all the new features.
We bought this for our grandaughter. She loves technology and this has all the basic things she needs or will use. Smaller size fits her hands well.
Light, backlight makes it easy to read, easy to operate, reasonably priced
Cheaper than the paper white and has more abilities
worth it to spend the extra 50 dollars and get the box w game control
Good bang for your buck, as far as a tablet goes, works well camping
The Amazon Fire TV product is great, highly recommend it to anyone. Best Buy's service on the sale was not. I ordered the item online for an in store pick up the next day. Went to pick it up and they said it was scheduled for delivery to a home address in 10-15 days. Although they had plenty in stock, Their only option was to cancel the order and redo the sale. While this may not seem like a big deal it was not how I wanted the purchase processed, since I was getting bonus miles with a specific credit card.
This is by far my favorite tablet on the market. Has all that high priced tablets ioffer
I am a huge fan of the echo. That being said this is the last one I would buy. The original echo's speaker sounds much better and is hands free. The dot has great connection Bluetooth and more importantly audio out to plug into a stereo system. I bought this for the purpose of being able to carry outside around the house when working in the yard. The sound is not as robust as the original echo (not portable - no internal battery), but good enough when in the yard to at least have music.
The Echo is ok, it's a decent speaker and I like that it has a Bluetooth so I can listen to music off my phone.But there is more that I don't like then I like.For example, to play music off spottily you must have a perineum account ($10 a month).I heart radio will play only the last station it had on, not sure yet but can't change station with just voice.Most of "skills" are done poorly, for example my Honeywell thermostat, you can't ask it to tell you the temp, turn on, turn off.Only thing that can be done, is to ask it to raise or drop the temperature.At this time it will not control my wifi sprinkler system "orbit Bhyve".You don't always get an answer to questions as it uses Bing as a search engine, which I'm not a big fan of .Tried to buy wifi light switches so I can have it controlling that, but after purchasing the Wemo switch I found out that all the switches in my house are 2 way switches, so that did not work.So basically it's just ok, and maybe in few years it will be better, but over all like I said there is more that I don't like about it.
so if purchasing three more of these after the initial one doesn't say GET ONE I don't know what else to say. rated a 4 not 5 because of sketchy voice recognition sometimes.
Bought for my 9 year old and it is perfect. She uses it to play learning games and even to read kid books on it. Was affordable and get's plenty of use.
The Kindle is a great reader. This works even in full sunlight.
works great for asking questions that we used to google, the sound from speaker is good ask alexa to play music is a go to, You need to Purchase amazon prime to have access to music, but there is movie streaming also and free shipping make that a good value
I like the unit but battery seems to run down more quickly that my previous Fire. Also gets warm while charging.
If you're using an older Kindle Paperwhite model (like I was), the higher resolution and additional font choices available in this model more than justify the upgrade cost.I'd recommend the white case if you can get it. It's a lot easier to find the microUSB port when you're trying to plug in a, charging cable.
This product has great response to voice and the abilities are daily realized.
I bought this and the kids version past Christmas. Its lack power and storage to be useful unless you want to just read books. Don't waste money on this product. The kids version is a good ideal but loading the apps, when they work takes forever. When they do work, the kids enjoy them. So I consider it to be a hit and miss. I'll be canceling the subscription as soon as my free year is up. Not wasting money on it.
I wanted an inexpensive tablet for muy son, but still wanted good quality.....it doesn't exist....it does exist this 50 dollar tablet is perfect for him to surf the Web and play his game, my son has it since a year ago go and no problems, so I got one for my nephew.
Love it!! I installed a app that allows me to watch almost every movie and tv show for free! Never have any problems with it and works really well, if you can't afford cable or direct tv this would be the next best thing to do but you do need the internet for it to work.
Great tablet for reading and playing games. Graphics are great.
very handy to buy parents or grandparents with reading the numbers of choices on ONE tablet instead of carry 10 books if you are out of state trip like plane.
I bought the Amazon's Fire Box and it is worth every dime. I love this box, I can watch all my movies and tv series on this box. It also has the voice search and it has 4K Ultra HD which shows a great pic. Best item you can buy. You will love it!.
My son had the same Model kindle but a year later his kindle had issues. This kindle has a micro sd slot for storage. I haven't tested it out yet. I plan on testing it out to see if I can load movies on the micro sd
interface isnt as user friendly as other brands but u get used to it.
I was looking for at replacement tablet and this is exactly what I needed
I have two, one for each TV in the house. I don't even use my Apple TV anymore since I can also play HBO go and Nefflix on Amazon TV and there are several Amazon only shows (sort of like having another Netflix account)
came on time and this is a good product
I'm very accustomed to using verbal commands with my Samsung Galaxy... Same experience
These are great little tablets when you get a working one. I had to call Amazon to return 3 times because they kept sending new faulty ones. Dead pixels on 3 out of 5 fires and also the screen had yellow tint and looked blown up or zoomed in making the text blurry. I had to keep 2 of the yellow tinted ones because that was better than dead pixels. I just ordered 2 more fires and hoping I don't get the same problems.Other than that they work super fast and the feel is sturdy and of high quality and makes it feel better in your hand than an iPad mini. We love this fire! *I have a transformer, iPad mini retina, Sony Reader, kindle hd 8.9, a note 4, a Sony z3, iPhone 6s, Galaxy s3 and s4 and LG G4 to compare with.Overall, this tablet is the perfect size and will not disappoint. And the new OS is much nicer than the older kindles.
I bought this for my girlfriendAnd she loves it. The only thing she doesn't like is that some games on the app market that is on her phone doesn't appear on her tablet
Nice screen, got it at discounted price for my kid, replaced a smaller one he broke. Tip add a child proff cover. The migration executive experience amazing! Picked up from cloud and i was good to go!
Have not used the product. This item was a gift and I have not yet received word on the product.
Great as a digital assistant--music, grocery lists, etc. But Alexa is no Google, that's for sure. For my uses, it's just fine. Supposedly, Alexa keeps getting "smarter" so this should improve, but it's not there yet.
Great for a good quality Android TV box. QUADCORE, Bluetooth remote and will accept a Bluetooth keyboard.
I purchased this tablet for my child and it hasn't disappointed. Easy to use and intuitive.
Seems less finnicky than the Chromecast (sorry, the *GoogleCast*) in a lot of ways... though I learned how picky it is about resolution when I tried hooking it up to a stand-alone monitor. It didn't care for that so much.
Echo connects to the Alexa Voice Service to control smart home devices, play music, provide information, news, sports scores, weather, and more-instantly. All you have to do is ask.
Its a great all around tablet, with all the extra features you need if your an avid reader.
Affordable and convenient device for watching video, reading, kid's light gaming and browsing the Web.
Better performance and clarity than the Amazon fire stick.
Lightweight, good screen quality. A bit slow but a good purchase
Amazon's know for there tablets. Mine works great, good wifi and memory. I love the quad-core processor, great screen, crisp and clear.Comfortable and easy to use. 10/10
I started the set up process and it automatically pulled over the ebooks I had on my iPad app. Then I started adding more books. Just wish I would have bought more memory!
Amazon Products are easy to use and navigate thru.
The Voyage is a great reader for those like myself who love to read books. The lines and images are crisp and clean. Its light weight even with the cover. The only thing is the origami cover was something that i would have thought of designing differently. It feels uncomfortable to hold... The device though is awesome and the page turn features are great you can use either side to turn pages. Would suggest to anyone who loves to read!!
Very good replacement for books. Small, lightweight, and easy to tote around with you. The paperwhite version has a sharper screen then the regular. Thank you Best Buy for a pleasant transaction.
For the price you can't beat this tablet for kids. I'm not a fan of Amazon's super restricted App Store, but the device itself is very good. I love the curfew feature. You can set up times that a child can or can't access the tablet without your permission.
This tablet is perfect for my six year old's learning apps.
This tablet was a perfect gift and at the right price for my 6yr old niece. She absolutely loves it.
cable package keeps going up. i downgraded package. friend recommended this. in the long run i am saving money. can look at such so many different video programs and movies.
For the money this tablet can't be beat. great for kids or adults who aren't looking for a powerful tablet.
This smokes the Fire 7 which I picked up last year. Powerful and great screen for streaming...cannot go wrong for the price.
We had a few other tablets for my wife and all were very poor. We returned two and landed on this one, she has LOVED it, so much more than the others in this price range.
Alexa will tell you the weather immediately. In addition, music, of your liking, is available in seconds. Your voice command even controls the decibel level.
Helps to charge you kindle when not near a USB port.
Totally love this product, definitely makes time pass by faster and can take it anywhere
My Son loves his Amazon Fire! He brings it everywhere with him!
Didn't really need this with how many options are currently on the market, however my wife received an Amazon Echo for Christmas, decided to give this to her to augment Alexa, My wife is happy, therefore I'm happy:). Works with Alexa btw:)
Holding the Kindle Paperwhite is like holding a paperback book. It is formatted to be a book. Yes, I have an iPad and mini but the Kindle is much lighter and more "book-like." It can hold 100s, if not 1000s, of books.
Lightweight e-reader with backlight. Works as advertised.
Super fast and easy to use I love this box and it's freatures
I have two echos and one dot. I am purchasing this one for a gift for my daughter. Amazon keeps adding enhancements all the time. I have one echo at my cabin for playing music, controlling lights and thermostat. You can control all devices from either location.
Alexa still has a lot to learn. She doesnt know enough about sports and tv listings.
A great way to make the web easier to use. Love it!
My 2 grandsons, ages 9 and 11, had to share a kindle which often left the 9 year old out. Now they can play games with each other on their kindles. Things are quieter now.
Utilizing Alexa has been a great way to connect and control the devices in my home! Alexa was simple to set up and is easy to use.
Alexa helps so much any questions answered turn off and on lights. I have an echo in every room your favorite stations artist songs all by asking Alexa. Ask for news, weather, alerts, notifications and anything you want. Alexa is part of the family now.
Easy to setup and use. Had it pulled off the patio table onto concrete (10 min after I had it setup). Didn't dent it or damage it beyond some scratches. Battery would be great feature to add.
Excellent value for money. Would recommend this to a friend.
I'm still learning this I will submit another review once I use this more
For the price. You can't go wrong. If you're looking for something basic and don't want to spend a lot of money. Here's your tablet. Good for kids that will pretty much will ruin you're expensive ipad or something.
Sounds great. Must touch to activate. Easy to use.
On the recommendation of a friend I purchased this item to donate for a charity gift auction event. It was a highly sought after item.
Really great item to have and would definitely recommend it
Inexpensive tablet to read ebooks, check emails and watch videos.
Love all things I can do with Alexis, games, info.
This is not a top level tablet, but it was not designed to be one. It is nice to have a toss in the car/backpack/etc. one that performs reasonably well and you don't have to worry about it
use everyday around the house and outside and travel
Easy to setup, customizable, and affordable android box. Highly recommended for your android needs.
Was a gift for 7 yr old granddaughter she just loved it one of her favorite item she plays with. It goes with her almost everywhere
Bought this for my wife. She subscribes to several financial publications that use graphs. They don't work well on our old 3rd generation Kindle and she hates reading on her iPad. This Kindle Paperwhite is great. It displays the graphics perfectly but keeps the reading experience pleasant.
this is a great buy i first bought the fire stick did not like due to fact it was slower less memory and kept on overheating. the fire tv is way faster more memory and never over heats
Good tablet for the price. Nice display good performance.
Easy to get on and use to work Amazon Fire tv as well as to surf the web.
I love, love, love this Kindle Fire 7. I Like the size, the quality and most especially, the price. This product greatly exceeded my expectations. I use it every day. I recommend this Kindle Fire 7 to anyone who is thinking of buying a Kindle Fire. I am telling all of my friends about it!
My 11 year old loves it and does a lot more than just games on it
Great product. Books download fast. Great traveling companion.
Got it as a gift for my grandma and she loves it!!
Liked the first one so much I bought one for the wife
It work perfect. I like the design and love the remote control also.
I bought the Fire TV to watch Playstation Vue. It has a good app for that. I like the setup and the ability to watch Netflix and Amazon Prime videos.
I love it, only thing is that it discharges real quick
This is a pretty substantial tablet, lots of learning apps and the ability to download Netflix is a plus
Other than occasionally misunderstanding and relentlessly asking us if we want to order xyz, this is a great product that I believe is just at the beginning stage of all the possible uses for it. My kids and their friends love asking Alexa to play music and I was surprised that a TP Link smart power switch I bought previously works with it to control my living room light. I just purchased a voice remote to go along with the Echo so I can control it from my bedroom while it is in the kitchen. A few times when attempting to turn the living room light on or off Alexa replied with "Ok," but nothing happened. This may be due to wireless congestion or a blip for Internet connectivity but something to keep in mind (there is no status check to see if the command worked or not).
Love The Picture And Apps, Could Be Better Without The Apps That You Don't Want And Add Your Own
I enjoy the Kindle very much, as it is so convenient and easy to use. I like the white background, easy to see.
Great learning tool for the grand kids. Helps with there homework.
Bought this as a gift.. Good price and features for this Kindle
Very pleased.i purchased echo dot but not really happy with speaker. So far very ok
Aside from all it's other capabilities I've yet to learn, my FAVORITE thing about the Echo is telling Alexa to add items to my shopping list then once I'm at the store I'm able to pull up my list on my Alexa app. No more sloppy grocery lists, no more accidentally leaving them at home. Best part is if I realize I'm about to run out of something while cooking, I just tell Alexa to add it to my shopping list without even having to pick up a pen or my phone!
We went from a Roku 1 to this and are very pleased. Not fair to compare the two as the Roku 1 is old tech. You would have to compare it to the Roku 4. This streams very smoothly. Look and feel are great. So is voice search for Amazon Prime content.
This is my second kindle. Have a few more items to learn. But love it. Easy to get around the apps.
I got this box on special. This box is faster than amazon fire tv stick and perfect for all of u wanna convert your tv in smart tv. If you have amazon prime you can get more movies and shows
A must have to charge your kindle. Works very well!
I love the echo use it everyday and would recommend it to anyone that enjoy fun toys great speaker also
Good tablet to share with a child as two accounts can be set up on the device and content can be controlled easily.
An amazing, interactive, fun machine. Superb sound, powerful mike, and with internet connection, unlimited music.
Amazon Echo is easy to use and provides a fun aspect to its application. Am looking forward to expanding to its use with home smart devices. Only downside is with a grandchild named Alexis, not being able to rename is a bit problematic.
Not as fancy as the ipad, but a fraction of the cost works well with android system and all apps like on our android phones, cant beat the price
This was a gift for my daughter. It's easy to use and can do a lot
This tablet is exactly what I was looking for to take on trips. The kids can watch their movies and videos, or I can read from my kindle library. Perfect size.
turning pages not as easy as the original ones; whole Home Page experience not really user friendly, and seems geared to just sell you more books.
Cheap price but the specs are not cheap. A practical choice
My first amazon tablet does not have any removable or expandable memory feature and when I saw that this product has one, I got so excited for this one. Very good display and easy to use for new users. First time tablet users will get a tutorial how to navigate the product so there is no hassle for beginners.
PROS:1) What an ultra HD clarity. It is just awesome..2) Very easy interaction to navigate.3) Earlier I have used ROKU but after AMAZON FIRE TV stands miles ahead of ROKU in many positive ways.CONS:1) You can't use voice remote in many apps. Very few options to use voice search.2) Wifi signal receiver is very poor. Initially I used this on WI-FI and at that time it will keep on buffering and clarity was very poor. I contacted with AMAZON and raised as defect and got new one. Again same issue happened then I used it over ETHERNET port and then I realized the problem is with the WI-FI receiving capacity of this device. I placed my laptop near to my AMAZON device and took speed test it showed 25MBPS, even then clarity was very poor over WI-FI.Hence I would recommend to use this over ETHERNET connection.
The lighted white screen makes for better reading for your eyes.
The Fire HD Tablet is portable and very easy to use. It can be held in one hand. The device holds multiple software application options and provides a fantastic blue screen mode at night while reading. I bought three more units when the price dropped to $33 each. The screen is only slightly pixelated compared to other models due to its price point. I would recommend to others.
Good for pleasure not for work. But good value for what you pay.
Before the Echo we played music often for our toddler via Pandora on the Amazon Firestick. I am generally not an early adopter for the newest technology, but with a 95% music use case in mind and to experiment I pulled the trigger and bought one. Within a week I subscribed to the single-device option for Amazon Music Unlimited at a cost of 3.99/month after a free 30-day trial. Now we rarely use Pandora due to the expansive Amazon selection. I also upgraded to a smart thermostat and am looking into Philips Hue Color lighting. My experience has been positive enough to also buy an Echo Dot with Harman-Kardon Onyx Mini speaker for my parents. While great, however, there are opportunities for improvement:1. Sometimes Alexa fails to find a selection which it succeeded at before. I made sure my command was identical and clear.2. The suite of skills is weak and mostly pointless. I only use the news flash, weather, and traffic.3. Search functionality for facts/answers is limited and based on reviews is likely worse than Google Home.4. There is no integration with the Firestick/ Fire TV which is surprising. Currently one must buy a Logitech Harmony hub to do so.5. Alexa struggles to find certain classical pieces even though I have confirmed them to be available on Amazon Music. Part of the problem might be the many versions which exist for a given piece as well as the distinction between composer and performing artist.Overall, I would recommend this product especially for those who listen to a lot of music, but don't expect perfection quite yet!
What a great product! I've never had a tablet before, Very user friendly. Amazed at everything there is on it and all the choices you have that you can apply to it also!
Great price and cool gadget. Bigger then my phone which makes it easier to read eBooks.
At sub $50, the kindle fire pretty much falls under disposable. That said it is a fantastic little tablet, good enough to do almost anything you would want to do.Only downside is the mono speaker, it is a little of an issue when listening to music over the speakers. If wearing headphones, the sound quality is ok and you get stereo.
This thing is great she has a response for everything. I love it, music, quotes, jokes, time and weatger, a real one stop shop.
Got this for the wife for Christmas. We are prime members. She and the kids 4&7 year olds love Alexa being able to play music or have her tell a joke just by saying aleXa play me this or tell me a joke is a trip
Bought this with the intent for using it mostly for music, and now we use it to get news updates, weather, and the occasional joke. Kids love playing with it too, so it is nice to have the mute button.
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It is very easy to operate and it holds plenty of books. It is easy to travel with. I would recommend it to everyone
It's a great value for the price, just know you don't have the same freedoms with a normal Android tablet because this runs FireOS. The battery life is good. The screen isn't the best but hey it's a bargain for kids or just using as a e-reader.
I enjoy listening to audible on it! Music sounds good and I like that it's so easy to set up and use.
I waited a long time to buy a Kindle Paperwhite, because I liked my first cheapo Kindle just fine. But I love, love, love the fact that it's backlit and I can read everywhere! The only thing I don't like, is with my old one, when I went to "Home", it listed my books and underlined the one I was reading. When I go to "Home" with the paperwhite, the books are showing but I sometimes have no idea which one I am reading because it's just showing the covers. I want a list with underlines!
This is a great tablet for kids with lot of good contents and Amazon's 2 year No-Questions asked warranty along with a free one year subscription for contents made it even better. Parental control on this is great, both us as parents and my son love this device. The only drawback I see is that the charging cable is very small length that it's hard to charge it without putting it on top of something to reach to a regular height outlet.
It is good. I liked it. It is the best the very best how how I love it.
Bought this for my sister and she loves it! Much easier to read from than an IPad.
Like it except that it wont call people for me when hooked up to bluetooth. Would be nice to be able to call out.
Great for reading anytime of day. Size is perfect.
I really like this product because I can get tv programs, music & movies that are not available with my cable box. It was easy to set up and easy to use. There are apps that you can download that makes this really fun to have. I was using the firestick and was having buffering issues, but with this speed has not been as issue.
Gave this to my wife for Christmas to replace her well used first generation kindle. She loves it.
This was a really good bargain for the price. It was easy to set up. This device is easy to use and has many good functions.
This things great! I have it control, lights, my alarm system, & my thermostat. It integrates with IFTTT like a dream as well. The only drawback is having to remember all of the command phrases verbatim. Sound quality is pretty decent unless you turn it out real loud....
The one thing i had an issue with,is I would leave my amazon speaker on playing since it's always listening. But,at times it would just cut off by itself,without my command. Another issue would be if I'm on the phone and what I'm saying may sound close to the command according to the speaker itself, it would automatically light up for me to command it to do something. Don't know if i like the idea of it listening all the time.
I really liked the idea of having a device I could talk to out of nowhere that would answer (although our cells phones can do similarly, but you have to turn them on and press buttons, etc.). It is also gratifying to be able to tell a device to play music and it does. I was quite disappointed in the ability of Alexa to answer any serious questions. Jeff needs to pay to send his programmers back to search school. So many times Alexa says a phrase similar to I don't understand the question So basically I paid for a radio. I paid extra for the larger one, but the output is still no different than a clock radio. Come on Amazon!!!
I purchased this for raffle prizes and they're great for the price.
I bought this for quick reports about latest news and for playing music.I tred for 2 days with help from Amazon technical services To hard to understand Tech. Had to send back and get a new one. Google home much easier to set up took only 5 mins.
I've bought several kindles for my grandkids they all enjoy them we use it for the library and download into overdrive and there are so many free games kids love this
Lots of apps and also has Alexa built in. Great HD picture.
Gave this as a gift for my daughter so she can read and now she loves it.
I only wish I knew how to use it to its potential, it is capable of so much more.
Bough the tablet for my 11 year old nephew, loves it! Great for online games and videos.
eady enough for my 3 year old to use by herself. Can turn it on and choose her app. Comes with s protective case. Great product for kids to learn on.
I ordered several of these to send to family in Haiti. They were on sale.
This is a Very nice option to get to my favorite content. I used audio receiver for simple connection to TV and additional audio options. The push button voice interface works as well as my Echo. As a Prime member content is plentiful and broad enough for my entertainment.
Thanks to Amazon for standing behind the product they sell, mine quit working after a year and replaced it. GREAT!
When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.
My kids love them I brought four so far for my kids good quality at the right price....they still haven't put them down
I love reading books on here. Playing games are also nice for the kids with the free time kid app. Only thing I don't like is the sound is not very loud. If the sound was louder it would get a 5 star rating.
Works great after I learned how to maneuver through the numerous software components. Once I became familiar with using the Amazon Black box, I can now donate my old movies to numerous charities (tax time).
Its great to use for you're everyday work and recreation
If, like I, you own an earlier generation Kindle that isn't a Paperwhite, this latest model is WELL WORTH THE UPGRADE.
Purchased to replace old Kindle. Was surprised at cost difference, though.
This is I think the best product I've bought. I already own eight that I've purchased through the years for my family and they seem to only get better and less expensive in price.
Great product!! I have several fire tv boxes and firesticks and these boxes are just amazing!! So much faster than the firesticks
Good easy to use tablet, my daughter can do more with it than I can
Purchased as cheap alternative to an Ipad for my son.
Brought it for my mom and she loves it . It is easy to use and it works great!!
What a value and so useful. We enjoy all that the Echo can do. The sound is excellent..........and it's so easy to set up and use.Thank you best buy
This is a great tablet for this price. Display is very nice and you get all the features of Android in this. The camera and speaker are not so great though. Excellent gift for new tablet users.
Got this for my 4 year old. Seems like a great tablet for a young kid to use. I'll edit this after Christmas when I give it to her.
Love the music and the interaction. Also responds quickly. Very accurate information.
I purchased this instead of the fire stick to pair with my new 4K tv. Easy to use, huge selection, small sleek design blends in to my entertainment system.
Use it for required school work and educational apps for elementary and middle school students
This thing is awesome. Good volume, blends in with the room and is easy to setup.
I needed to replace my old Kindle reader. This gave me an inexpensive reader and a tablet. Screen quality is not as sharp as HD and contrast is not as good as I'd like. BUT it is a great deal and meets the need.
Got it on sale for 35$ great tablet but pretty heavy and thick. Great for kids
Tablet was purchased on sale and worth it.It holds a good amount of memory. Lots of games can be downloaded.
You couldn't get a better buy for $59 than the Amazon fire 7. Paid the extra $20 to get the 16gb. Well worth it.
I bought four of these for my kids and they love them
Good for playing music, asking weather, details about famous people.
The Amazon Fire TV box is probably the best streaming box out there. It has a hardwired Ethernet connection if you need it and a fast processor. It has Alexa for voice searches and it supports just about every streaming service out there plus a built-in Slingbox client. Most other streamers that support slingbox are actually screencasting from a smartphone or tablet. Plus it is very easy to sideload applications so you can run about anything. We have crowded building with a lot of WiFi signals stepping on each other, so the hardwired connection is good for reliable streaming. It has Bluetooth, so you can pair devices with it, I think the remote is actually Bluetooth too, so you can stash the box out of sight.
I do like the camera. Sorry that is all I have to say.
We bought this for our daughter for Christmas. Once she opened it and set it up, I decided that I needed one as well. She is married and they use it all of the time. Easy to use. I would highly recommend this product.
The paper white screen is super clear and easy on the eyes, making reading a pleasure in any light. The touch controls are intuitive and easy to learn. Books load fast. The battery life has been great! If you're looking for an eBook, this is it.
There is a good amount of value in this device, particularly if you consume content from Amazon. I bought this tablet for my daughter but her primary source of content is YouTube and there is a dearth of quality YouTube apps on the Amazon app store. She mostly uses an old iPhone 4 for this purpose when at home. On the road, however, I am sure she will use the Fire tablet with movies and Prime content loaded up on the microSD card. It is a solid device - I have not encountered any glitches, freezes, or app crashes but it is not used as much as our other devices. I would recommend it if you consume Prime content or you are clumsy with electronics.Pros* Good value (almost disposable)* microSD slot* Underground* Multi-user support* Easy access to Prime contentCons* Amazon's Fire UI* Amazon's App Store* No support for Google apps such as YouTube, Gmail, etc.* Battery life could be better* No stock content producing apps like iMovie, GarageBand, etc/
Useful for adults, educational and entertaining for children. Fun to explore all the things the Echo can do, from "play easy jazz," to answering "why isn't Pluto a planet?" or "take a note." Something for everyone in the house.
Fire TV is the best way to cut the cord with the cable company. We have Fire sticks already but the TV is much better.
It works wonders it gets the job done for a cheap one it's really not bad at all for the price
I love the Amazon Kindle Fire. Great buy! I use mine all the time
This was a gift for my girlfriend a she loves it wow
Bought for my daughter. She likes it just for reading books.
Great entertainment and easy to use. Great sound when playing music.
I travel a lot and this is perfect for watching movies or reading on the flights
We actually bought these for our summer camp program and the kids love them. They small enough for their hands to carry and they work like a charm. The staff was super helpful.
I bought 2 of these for Christmas presents because I got one for myself last year and really liked it. I take mine everywhere, on the beach, to the doctors office, to my in laws and Las Vegas just to name a few places.
I now have. 5 of these. You need to get one asap. I'm a huge fan of the slingbox app and the prime features.
Alexa is a blast. Had to go with it rather than google
This is a nice reader that we gave to our granddaughter. She enjoys he childrens books she can read and we enjoy the limited Wi-Fi capabilities.
Nice to have around house.May options to using this unit.
Very convenient, not perfect but worth the money for sure.
Easy to navigate. Daughter loves it. It's lightweigh and its just what she needed for this avid reader.
The tablet is great for young children. They really enjoy. It can be slow at times and they get frustrated when that happens.
I purchased this as a gift for my daughter. I tried it with her at her home, and wow, accurate, clear, and loud. Only draw back is that the music selection can only come from amazon prime, not your own catalog, at least that is what I am told. Other than that it really works great
I like the fact that I can sit outside on a sunny day and read.
I like the kindle. The only thing is there's a little light fluctuation at the bottom of the screen.
We love our Amazon Echo but it is hard wired to kitchen. Because of where we live AM reception is poor but through an Echo or Amazon Tap I can listen to some of my favorite stations through iHeart Radio and the Tap is portable.
Better then my old kindle. More features. I'm able to return my library books where on the old one they would have to expire.
I give 1 of these put every month at work. It normally goes to their kids so they are the awesome parents.
Good tablet for kids. Can use for gaming and school work
I got this after discontinuing with direct tv. fast internet and playstation vue is half the price and ill i need. box is like an all in one entertainment, easier to watch netflix and hulu on here as well
I purchased this tablet for my own use and have found to work very well expecially for Amazon App Store. Many of the same Google Play store apps can be found on the Amazon App Store. Battery life is good. This is probably one of the best value tablets available!
This new Fire tablet with 16 GB of internal memory is an upgrade from my older 8 GB version, allowing more storage of books, movies and apps.
We are very much enjoying our Echo. Our grand children do too. Alexa answers all sorts of questions for us and we particularly enjoy the music we request. We have an app downloaded on our tablet so we can listen to podcasts and radio stations too. It's great!
I bought this tablet for my Mom and she loves it. I used it myself and it's very easy to use and works nicely with Amazon Prime, etc. definitely would recommend especially for the price.
This is a replacement machine. Good reading experience. Great for travel - and reading in bed.
I bought this as an exchange Gift for Christmas!!! My Mom fought over it and eventually won it! She Loves It!!!
Great tablet works very good and the price is cheap.
I bought this for my 7 year old son & he loves it!
Great product. I bought it because I travel alot now
The parental control could be a lot better. It's nice and compact. She loves it
Great product for all members of the family to have fun with
I've had the original Kindle and was excited to get the paper white for Christmas. I absolutely love it. Extremely easy to read and handle. Wish I had gotten it a long time ago,
Got this for a relative, and he really likes it. It was pricey for what it is though.
It's nice & cool but it responds extremely slow. Compared to modern tablets & phones kindle is just too slow. My expectation would be to make it faster even if I have to charge it often that would be ok, secondly there should be a Home button & back button on the body of kindle.
Once this is hooked up to your wifi it is a great little product. I tried hooking it up on my computer but it went much more easily on my smart phone. You can ask it almost anything and she will respond. Plays music tell you jokes, etc. You will have to subscribe to a music service. Pandora is free as are many other services. Once subscribed you just have to ask her to play your favorite music and it will play all day! Oh it can also be used as an alarm to wake you up each morning.
My son absolutely loves it but not enough storage.
Nice item. Only drawback, occasional pauses upon turning page or creating bookmark.
Amazon Fire tablets are the best products in their price ranges, especially if they are on sale as they were at the last Black Friday event. Excellent purchase.
works very well.. i was able to sideload kodi and along with amazon video and netflix fulfills all of my streaming needs.
I am looking forward to getting one for myself. The person I got this for for swore up and down he din't want a tablet or need one. Now he loves it, even for reading. I thought he would never give up paperbacks.
I love this little critter!
Bought two of them during the Thanksgiving sale for $35 each. I mainly bought them for gifting purpose but used one of them myself and was not disappointed. You get what you pay for but for $35 this is the best gift that someone is going to receive.
My daugther used to have a leap frog tablet, but when it started to have battery issues I went to the store and found out that they no longer produced the tablet, so best buy gave me store credit and they recomended me this tablet. My daugther loves it and so do I. On kidz mode I can rest assured that she is only going to see kids safe content like interactive book, games and apps. On tablet mode she can watch movies with the SD card slot which can go all they way to 128GB!I put a 32 GB which help us on our loooong christmas trip...
I downloaded dozens of books and stream movies and tv with no problem in a wi-fi setting. The battery life is not too great. I can stream for about 3 hours and need a recharge but it's great for the price.
Part of our daily lives in giving us news updates locally and all over the world, information in anything you ask like word definitions(synonyms and antonyms), math, science and other educational questions...you name it, it's just like Book of Encyclopedia. Of course, entertainment-playing music through Bluetooth connections and/or our Amazon Music playlist. Great and Amazing gadget for the whole family! I will buy another one.
Let me set the stage for this review: I joined a book club this year and have started reading a lot... or at least what I would consider to be a lot, which is about 2 decently-long books a month.Up until buying the Paperwhite, I was doing most of my reading on my iPhone using the Kindle app. Long story short, I ended up returning the Paperwhite after about 2 weeks. Why? Because I realized just how sporadic my reading was. I read when I'm out and about, waiting at a doctor's office, or in-line at a restaurant, etc. It became overwhelmingly apparent to me that the best E-Reader is the one you have with you at all times. For me, that's my iPhone.The actual reading experience is definitely better on the Paperwhite. However, if you're an "on-the-go" reader like me, then it just means you have to carry around another device. Dedicated E-Readers are for people who either truly read a ton, or have a set routine for reading. If that's not you, then stick with your phone.
Excellent product very good piece strongly recommend
Works well for me. I love the light, I think that is the best feature.
Just as imagined very good product
Bought for my son as a birthday gift and as a way to not wear out his laptop. Works great especially for videos and general online use.
This is a great tool. We use as alarm and Bluetooth all the time.
Love the Kindle. Easy to travel with and can be used as a tablet or reader.
The biggest reason to buy this item is the convenience and battery life. On those two items the kindle delivers. It is not as paper white as I would like. It does lag a bit but overall if you are a book lover this will be a good add on for trips and when you want to read outside.
I am content with this purchase,bought it for my 5 year old and she loves it.
I was using a Kindle Fire HD 7--love this new one!!
Easy to use with a ton of features. Great resolution.
I would love if it held the charge for longer. but it is great for the things that I use it for.
Perfect for teenage tablet, perfect for homework!!
Fits and works with everything!
I like this better than the other devices its a bit pricey
This is perfect for my needs. I love reading, and can do it in low light situations now. This Paperwhite replaces one I lost in Europe on my last trip. Can't be without one.
This was a good buy. Wasn't sure how it would work but we are happy with it.
Was a gift to replace older one and she really likes this one. Light and the battery last much longer.
I bought this as a way to easily read while on the go. I'm disappointed as it's really too big too easily carry around. I've discovered it's not all that easy to use it for reading purposes
Purchased for my mom to read ebooks, great performance, screen looks good, easy to use. Very happy with this purchase.
My Amazon Alexa is amazing . I have it hooked to my smart devices as well . She was a little stubborn when first set up but with tech support the problem was soon taken care of .
I prefer this version of the kindle to the previous generation. It has a backlight that can be adjusted easily and its light weight. I did have a crack appear in my screen and it made the backlight shine through awfully bright in that area. Unsure how it happened but Amazon replaced it nonetheless.
This tablet is great. Not the best, but it was only$35!!!
Main reason for getting the Amazon TV was for better streaming experience of PlayStation Vue. The Amazon Fire TV handles Vue streaming w/o issues and the interface is very easy and user friendly. I also like the ability to root the device for third party apps.
It's a durable tablet geared for younger kids. They can download games for their age level.
Cant say enough good things about this product....we also have the fire sticks for other tvs.....This sure does beat paying for cable. It is very easy to set up and use.
Works well - I used to have Kindle and Nook on my tablet, but find having the Kindle separate so much better. Holds a charge a long time and easier to tuck in my purse and take with me.
i bought this for someone for a gift for xmas. this is a good simple tablet for someone to being with.
I have had this product for about a year now, and I am still very pleased with my purchase. I am able to read books, surf the web, listen to music, watch videos, and more. Unbelievable price for everything you can do on this tablet.
I love this Amazon Fire Tv, I can watch all my past shows...i love it so much that I bought 2 Amazon Fire Tv. I would recommend this to my family members.
It's a good piece of technology it's just not connecting to the wifi
This is the second one I bought and been happy with this purchase. Has everything that Apple has and you can do a lot more with this one.
She recognizes the commands they say she will recognize, however you either have to scream at her, very loudly, or being very nearby if you want her to hear your commands
For the price you can't beat this little tablet, it does an awesome job!
I miss some of the features that my Nook E-ink had; specifically the home key. However, this has served me well so far, and the backlight is a nice feature.
I love the quality and ease of using the kindle fire. I will like to purchase more for my family for xmas.
I love it my amazon fire tablet . It is great for kids to
Love how I can move my TV to a position I can see from other angles as needed.
Great plug in to charge my device
Super fast. Lots of storage. Great tablet for anyone.
I'd recommend this to everyone. Even if you have no computer knowledge, you can be a expert
Quality comes with apps installed durrible love the case
Easy to set up and use. Great tablet for a non-techy!
Great to group all your program app into one device.
Does all basic functions of a tablet. Hardcore users may want an iPad.
Very user friendly no issues, very easy to setup. I
This is a neat little device but really not that good for much. I am sure it will improve in the future but I would recommend waiting it out.
solid product to use.use it for reading and answering email.
I got this tablet for my 7 yr. old daughter, for the price its very good. Its the perfect size for small children.
Yes, I use my Kindle to read books, but I especially like sending document Pdfs, such as my daily prayers, to my Kindle email account to be converted so I can view them on my Kindle. I also appreciate that it has built in lights and I can make the font larger - I don't need my eyeglasses! Perfect for my reading needs almost anywhere.
Great tablets, prefer over the Nabi anyday. Love the color choices
I bought this tablet to be pretty much exclusively an e-reader. It's actually cheaper than most of the kindles. For that limited use, it works fine. I don't think I would want to use it as a general purpose table (too slow!). Makes a fine e-reader though. As for recommending this to a friend, I would, but would make sure they knew what I use it for.
Easy to use, great traveling Device. makes purchasing new books incredibly easy
It matters what preference you prefer with tablets. I mean if you use windows or google more this might not be for you. For me, I use Amazon music, video, books, and shopping so this tablet is awesome. It's made especially for Amazon ecosystem users. Its light and has a nice feel. I live the blue shade option it has for less blue light when reading.
If you have amazon prime this is simply another way gaining more content If you are a cable cutter.. There's also the added plus of adding xbmc and getting additional content for content free.
I bought this for my mom who is not technical at all. She loves it. It was easy set up and she's been using it everyday since she received it.
Best streaming device by far. Easy set up and easy to configure.
Great gifts!! Very much enjoyed by my family members.
My kids love them. Great alternatives to laptop or desk top
Present for daughter. It is a good tablet at a great price.
Decided to purchase this on a friends recommendation and it ws well worth it.
Love this book reader. Easy to use, easy to load books, easy to read even in the dark! Easy on eyes! It's like reading a real book. Charge lasts weeks!
My son uses the device to help him do his homework
This is a basic tablet that is good for small kids to use
Love it hours of movies ...........................
Awesome product.. it looks great better than the picture.. It does what say and more.. very happy with the purchase
Fire box is the way to go. Speed rules and this is in the top of the class.
Is a great product and a fantastic entertainment. The hole family is around it at home washing videos and series. It is also compatible with others programs and apps.
Bought two of these 2015 models to add to my previous model on other sets in the house. Both of the new units freeze after about 10 - 15 minutes stating that my 16 MB connection speed isn't fast enough for watching old documentaries from my Prime account. Cycling the power gets it working until it freezes again. The old model works flawlessly. I'll be returning these.
I like this product, the sound and quality is good.
This tablet and the size is perfect for kids. Amazon also offers unlimited kid activities, for a small price of course.
Great bang for your buck. Can also be used for all ages.
This item is perfect for online reading and internet browsing. The only con is that Amazon doesn't have some of the apps that Google Play has.
Purchased two of these when they were on sale. One for myself and one for my sister. This device is awesome. I had the Hue lighting system prior to and had to have my IPhone or IPad around in order to control the lights. Now with Alexa I can let her handle that just by speaking to her. Now anyone in my ManCave can talk to her and control the lights as well as the music. Amazon Music Unlimited is just $3.99 with Alexa. Great deal. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
We bought these tablets for our children ages 5 through 10 for gameplay so they could stay off of my Samsung tablet. Hallelujah! They absolutely love them! The only problem that I have with tablet is the length of the cord on the charger. It's too short. If you want to continue play while it's charging, you have to literally sit right next to the electrical source. We remedied this problem by exchanging the cord for a longer one that we had around the house.
this is a fantastic item, love the simplicity of its use
Cable is too expensive. Especially when you can buy this and get more than you ever expected. You can expand the memory at will, you can watch literally anything, and although the remote is awful, there's an iPhone app that allows you to toss that unreliable remote in the trash. Get this thing, thank me later.
The tool is excellent with Ethernet streaming and smooth viewing of HD movies.
Grand kids love it and it picked up the network in short order. They like the idea they have an iPad like the adults. Well implemented.
Really like this product! Can't wait to get additional products that can be controlled by it!
Amazon fire 7" is amazing table for price and great future in this product.I proud for this product.
I ordered this and actually came in earlier than predicted and it works beautiful! I'm totally happy with my purchase!!!
Great sound. Portable. The kids love it. Didn't think I would use it but I tend to use it a lot.
A gift for my elderly mother who complained about not being able to listen to music whenever she wanted. Now she can ask Alexa for just about anything and get an answer.
This is a fantastic device. I can find anything cable has to offer and more!
I bought the echo after falling in love with the echo dot. The functionality of the speaker is fantastic and the sound quality is much better on this speaker than the dot. All in all a great speaker that's fun to use!
I had previously purchased one for our family and when they went on sale I purchased one for my daughter. Everyday I find something new to use it for.
Kid prof and comes with free books and games I like it
We got two of these for our kids. They have put them down. Great price for kids!
My grandson is 2 years old and loves his tablet. I do recommended for young kids
Never thought this would be as useful as it is. Just ask Alexa to play a song and it will.
Like this but doesn't always get the commands correct. Doesn't answer questions the way the Google version does.
I thought I was getting a fast charger for the price I paid for this! It was 20 for this slow charger...the same price amazon charges for the fast charger. This charger should have been included with my Paperwhite...buyer beware this is way overpriced and should be free with the purchase od a kindle!!!
This paperwhite has a sharp display (300 ppi) and adjustable brightness levels. It is extremely easy to hold when reading. Included in the box was the Paperwhite device, a USB cord, and quick start guide. No power adapter was supplied but I use the one for my cellphone and it works fine. One charge holds me for about 3-4 weeks.The ads are not as intrusive as I thought they would be however I am displeased with the quality of the "special offers." I have found better offers just by searching the web.Also you cannot listen to audible books on this device. It is reading only but that doesn't bother me.Overall this is an excellent device. Since purchasing this I have quadrupled the number of books that I read in a month's time. I highly recommend it to any avid reader.
I brought it for my grandson. He enjoying his tablet
This was (and still is) a great price for this tablet. Newly added expanding expandable storage helps with storage issues. Included ac adapter and cable.
I 'm very please with the tablet haven't had any problem. It does everything I need it to do. I would recomend it.,
Easy to carry all your books in one place. You will never get distracted when using kindle.
I have only used this a few times so far, but I like it. The lightweight and pretty easy to navigate. Perfect screen size too. I ended up purchasing a second one for my fiancé.
Echo/Alexa wake me in the morning, keeps me company with music during the day and sounds the alarm for me to go to bed. Really have not put it through its paces and have not bought any "smart" attachments. Would not work with my enterprise network/w-fi at work, but it a nice touch at home.
I wanted a small tablet to read news and watch videos. I have Amazon Prime, so I figured why not, it is really cheap. Well, I believe you get what you pay for. This fire tablet froze on me, when I only had one thing open. I am very disappointed. It also is very slow when you rotate the screen. Ugh! I will be returning it.
Very nice gift for co worker. Not too pricey and easy to use for an older person who isn't too tech savvy!
Can't believe how fast this tablet is..great tablet for a small price
No more cable bills - I get all I need with it !!!
Got this half price on sale...has a good speaker and I use it with amazon...can do just about everything as far as controlling smart devices in home...it will also stream local radio stations...I keep it on kitchen counter...just get it on sale!
With the cover attached, the battery lasts for a good, long period. With the cover detached (which is how I use it primarily), the Oasis is so thin that it is almost weightless in your hand. The ability to switch hands (flip upside down) means one never seems to tire of holding the device to read a book; and, it fits into my pants pocket, again, perfect for traveling. The battery seems to last with heavy usage for at least several days, but I tend to reconnect the cover at night (I am assuming that helps to recharge the basic Oasis battery). Regardless, it was well worth replacing our older Kindle readers with the newer Oasis (we bought two).
I got a great price for the kindle, love the color options. Great for games, watching TV shows & movies on Netflix & Hulu, and reading books. Perfect for car rides & waiting rooms.
I bought the Kindle Fire after I upgraded my primary tablet to a 10 inch. The 10 inch was too big to take to a coffee shop to read or to use outside. This is perfect size. I put a 2gb as card in it to hold my books. I can down load a couple of books and take it on the road.
she says it gives her what she wants and love it very much.
The FireTV unit was very easy to set up. Just had to connect the HDMI cable to the box and the TV and we were in business. The remote control worked great - although inside of HULU it took a little time to figure out how to get back to the HULU home page (just keep hitting the return button) -- but that's a HULU issue. The FireTV connected quickly to the home WIFI.
I found this item to be very useful for my daughters learning programs .
some channels don't come in as clear as others but most are pretty good
If you have prime and Netflix this is what you need. Voice search is great on prime.
It is all but perfection. It's a library in the hand. Inside or out. It reads equally as beautiful in either environment. I only penalize it for its lack of allowing books, bought outside Amazon ecosystem, to be included in FreeTime. FreeTime is advertised as for kids but I like the idea of knowing how much time I've spent reading and the other offerings of FreeTime.
It makes it the perfect gift,Not too big,Not too small...perfect
I bought this game for my son, and he loves it..it is very entertaining.
I now have 2 Kindles but chose my new Fire so I can have my email, etc at my fingertips.
this tablet is the perfect size and very light weight. It is easy to set up and does everything I need it to do. Having a camera is useful too.
I purchased this for my 6yr old niece and she absolutely love it.
Got the tablet for my grandson he's happy with it and use it as we speak
Easy to download apps and nice to watch movies and my daughter loves it
I bought this for my parents for Christmas and so far it does not disappoint. the ease of use and the selections are amazing. if you have amazon prime it links up even better and gives you access to all the videos and things it offers! great product.
Gave as Christmas gift,and wife loved it. She has not put it down since she has gotten it.
Great for nighttime. Easy to read at the beach, too!
The Fire TV fills my need for a streaming device. I'm able to access PS Vue, Netflix, Amazon Prime, and other channel apps. The remote and interface are intuitive and simple and Alexa is a nice add-on feature. Much recommended for anyone looking for a streaming device.
its a very good product that I am glad I bought for reading
Very easy to use and easy to understand. Alexa on it is awesome.
My 6 year old got one last year and it's very good
Very good tablet for only $30. My wife uses for apps such as Pinterest and Facebook and she loves it.
My two year old loves the videos,games and books this tablet provides.
This device has a great sound that fills the room. It is easy to use and voice commands are convenient.
My Alexa is the best buy I bought for Christmas . I purchased the Alexa and the Echo.
I already own a firestick. I decided to buy this one for my 4k tv due to it supporting 4k. I moved my firestick to the bedroom tv. Great product!
Wife enjoys the camera feature, but hates all the ads. She'd recommend this to a friend IF they were on a budget.
The tablet and chrome cast is great for my child....
With this you have someone to talk to and answers you.
Love it I wish it would have worked with my iPhone Overall very satisfied
its a great device, entertains my 1 year old and good for my wife as well
The Fire TV has a great interface and is very fast.
Compared to the firestick, the fire tv blows it away.
Bought Alexa as kind of a novelty gift and it ended up being pretty cool. We haven't even tapped into all of the things it can do but it gives you the weather, news, etc. and with the addition of Amazon Music, will play virtually any song you ask. The speaker is adequate for music, etc. She (Alexa) doesn't know everything but neither does Siri. Wife and kids love it and although a little on the pricey side, is a lot of fun.
If you're looking for an all-in-one device that can surf the web, read e-books, watch videos, and more....look no further. I purchased this tablet for my daughter and she loves it. The price point is perfect too. It does not have HD or Retina display but it's not an issue for me.
Perfect for my 8 year old nephew. He absolutely loves it and uses it everyday!
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
Our son is loving his tablet. Perfect size and cost.
This is perfect my kids to do their school work on and have fun as well.
My nephew's love the tablets they are great have I lot apps for kids
great kid friendly product, hours of enjoyment for all.
We have two Amazon Echo's and both work flawlessly! Easy to set up, great for all around use, constantly add new features.
Have a few fire tv sticks but they lag a little bit. The box is worth the extra money.
Nice tablet with the slightly bigger screen, great for tv, movies and reading especially for older eyes. Good size as well, it fits nicely into a purse or tote without being too heavy
We have been using Roku for a couple of years, when they started going bad decided to try something new. Now we have replaced both Roku with the Amazon Fire. Works great and looks good. Very portable and easy to hook up.
This kindle reader is light weight and easy on eyes. Its a good reader but can be better if its UI is improved and made fast.The builtin lights are good and offer a nice option to read in dark. its fro some one totally in to books and wants to have those in handy.
This is my second Alexa. Have one down stairs and needed one up stairs for me to ad my schedules and to take with me on vacation. We had so much fun when family came in to visit on vacation and found out about Alexa. They where talking more to her than us. I was ready to turn her off.
Great features. We use it in the spare room and sometimes move it to the livingroom . I love it
I believe that this will be very useful during my husbands recovery from foot surgery.
I like it. However, when reading the page number is not shown. Also unable to use the dictionary. Still in the 'new' stage.
I ended up having to get this or a Roku to use my playstation vue since my Samsung smart tv doesn't allow it. This works great!
I bought this primarily for reading books and it is just the right size. Easy to figure out how to use once you figure out the various tabs at the top that scroll (Apps, books, etc).
As you've seen in other reviews, this can break your DX. But not if you put a little double-sided tape at each right side corner, ALWAYS move the elastic band so that it holds the right edge of the Kindle into the case against the tape, and never, NEVER swing the back open. If you let your Kindle DX swing freely back and forth the way the pages in a printed book do when you hold it by both the front and back covers, the plastic part of the case will break. So don't DO that! Note in other reviews that some people even without the tape have used this case for months with no cracking of the case. I have to assume those people always move the elastic band. They might also have been reading with the case flat on a table. But if you use the tape AND the band you can read in any normal position. Note that the DX weighs 19 oz and the case weighs 12 oz. For some people the DX without case MIGHT be suitable to hold in one hand. With the case, you read with this resting in your lap, or against your knees when you lie down, or on a table. The combo is as big and heavy as a college textbook. But you can tell this is an expensively made quality product.
This item has a very nice readout, and is well built as far as I can tell. The overall size is very suitable, and the price was reasonable. I get great service at Best Buy every time I shop there.
This is my second Kindle. Tried using a tablet and that didn't work. Glad I went back to a Kindle.
Awesome battery life and readability in bright sunlight. Screen size and weight is just right to hold it in one hand.
All the capabilities of Kindle and easy on the eyes!
This tablet runs great and looks nice. Easy to use and get around in the menus , only problem I had was I couldn't get my pc to see the tablet to move my books to it.
Easy set up.Fun for kids...Wish there are more built in search engines..
The amazon Echo can be a bit finicky when asking Alexa to perform automation routines. for example, most of the time you must ask for a light by the exact name it has been given. You can't say turn on my Middle Theater Lights, if you named them Mid Theater Lights, whereas my Google home assistant can identify these are the same device. Hence, my Echo gets to hear me swear frequently.The sound is nice and rich, unlike the Echo Dot that sounds a bit cell phone'ish.
I love the size and light weight. Easy to set up. Easy to use. Lightening quick download
I bought this for one of my friends who loves reading books. I have to say this product is wonderful because it looks like real paper. very comfortable reading experience. It is also very light, beyond my expectation. I recommend this.
Bought this tablet for my kids and they love it. The Fire allows them access and freedom to a tablet without the high cost.
I bought this mostly to read the Walking Dead comics on and a book here and there. It works great for that. A slightly bigger screen would be better for the comics, but bigger screens don't come for under $50. I can't speak to quality of video streaming or anything, but it performs well for reading.
Got for a gift for inlaws and they were able to figure it out pretty quickly
I got it at a great price. They price matched for me. Much faster then getting my laptop out to check email
I will never buy this again very cheap not with a dime
Lightweight and handy. The screen is really easy on the eyes.
I would recommend this device for any child in school
This is my second Amazon Fire TV. This is the newest version and the picture is quite a bit better thatn the first one. Viewing Playstation Vue it works flawlessly at 60 fps. So simple to hook up and use. Amazon had all my apps loaded as soon as I logged in. Love this product!
I've really enjoyed using Alexa and have found it more useful that I thought it would. It has really inspired me to start to use Alexa compatible products to make my home smarter.
It exceeds the expectations, amazing long lasting battery
my son is 5 & is clumsy! hes had this tablet about a month & as many times as hes dropped it still works perfect!
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son-in-law, and he absolutely loves it! He showed me how it works and I'm very impressed. It is not just functional, but it is also fun! Works perfectly!
Wife and kids love this thing.plays music with great sound also you can find out about most any with going to my iPhone or iPad. Very convenient
It works well my granddaughter loves it she plays on it everyday
Like it so much I gave them out as gifts for Christmas
The kids wanted to get this for their mom this year. I was somewhat skeptical but went along with it. My wife opened it up and the kids showed her how to use it. She absolutely loves it. She starts her morning off by checking the weather before getting the kids ready for school. She then either plays music or news depending on what her mood is in the morning. She likes the fact that she can just ask for an artist or a type of music and it plays. This time the kids were correct.This is amazingly easy to use. You only need to speak what you want. It answers most questions. You can give it items to put on a shopping list. You can then access those items from the Alexa app on your phone. No more paper lists.
I have been a kindle owner for years, the original kindle had be great but I hated the absence of a backlight. and the kindle fire was similar to reading on my phone with hurting my eyes. so when the paperwhite was released I was intrigued. I finally received this as a Christmas gift and it's perfect. the battery can lasts weeks on a charge. There's no glare. my eyes never hurt. this is perfect for anyone who just wants to read ebooks. there is no headphone or speaker so audio books will not be able to be used. when typing the letters are a bit leggy but you get used to it. I did have a problem registering my amazon account but was able to contact amazon via chat and they fixed it within 5 min. definitely worth the money, I can now have books with me at all times.
New smart tv, sound bar, and AlexaThe Fire brings it all together. Good product !!!
I'm really enjoying my kindle fire. I love the size and the ability to fit it into my purse. Great for reading on the plane.
What can one say. It charges my Kindle.
Good purchase
Excellent priced portable tablet good for carrying around. Very light and small.
I got this for a Christmas gift for my daughter. This is the second one I have gotten for her.The first one is starting drop words and she has to download books several times in order to finish reading. She diid a lot of research before she asked for the Paperwhite. I am sure she will love it.o
Great streaming device and it provides a nice picture and access to streaming services.
This is a really good tablat at a good price.. my sister bought one naby tablet from another store at $200 and is not even working she has troble to charge the naby tablet for that reason i gave her the amazon tablet is not expensive and also has good feautures.
a little confusing if you are not already signed up for Pandora. also what does Echo do that the Dot doesn't?
I bought on sale for $35. My sister recommended Kindle tablets because of the text to speech feature. Some kindle ebooks have a text to speech feature. You can start reading at home then turn on text to speech fir when you are in the car stuck in traffic. We have a prime membership and you can save Amazon videos to watch offline. I haven't tried this yet but sounds great for plane or bus travel. You camn download the Overdrive app directly for free books, audio books,and video. I plan to download the Nook app so I can read Overdrive magazines and my Nook books. Micro sd slot for additional storage. Only mono sound which is fine for what I want to use it for. Cheap enough that I'll let the grandkids use it.
Got more than I expected. Got it as a device which replaced my cable box. Subscribed to PS Vue service, works very well. Cut my cable bill from 80 odd to 29. This little device is very snappy. Has much more apps than the Nexus player. With Netflix, Amazon prime movies , Kodi and NBC Sports : that pretty much covers 99% of the content which I would watch.
I have a cell, a tablet, and now my 4th (?) Kindle. I did NOT want to but this one because the only problem I had with my last one was that something happened to the charging port...i.e., it wouldn't charge.But, I will will always have a kindle because the battery lasts soooooooooo much longer than the battery on my cell and my tablet. I've been taken to task because I have all three and (according to my critics) that is a waste. My choice...get over it.
Brought this small reader for my mom who wanted something larger than her phone to do pintrest and read on. She loves it.
Decided to add another Echo to the household. With this purchase, I currently have 2 Echo's and 2 Dot's. Since this Echo price was $140, it swayed me to go this route instead of another Dot with a Bluetooth speaker. Now with the 'intercom' drop in feature, it expands our communication in the household.
I think this is a great product/ solution, especially for the price. I needed to replace my portable DVD player. I have 2 young kids and still wanted something to play movies on the planes and during car trips. After looking at my options I decided on getting them both a Kindle for about the same price of 1 DVD player. HEADS UP: The Disney Anywhere app takes some work to download the movies on the kindle but there is a way. You have to access it through Amazon movies in order to download them. I got a MicroSD card to store the movies on and so far so good! They held up, supplied games, movies and when there is Wi-Fi they can play ABCMouse to get some learning in there too. Great buy. Good luck getting those movies downloaded :)
Returned it.. didn't work like we thought it was so supposed to. Pain on the butt.
Was very easy to set up and use, has been a joy to just ask Alexa to play my favorite music and even tell jokes! Highly recommend this product!
The family loves this because they can communicate to this device and ask it to play their favorite songs or questions or just about anything you can Google.. Even jokes!
I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it! I still can't get over how the kindle pages look like actual pages. Highly recommended for everyone!
Received this as a gift and set it up the first night. Love Love Love it!
Simply great. Really comfortable to read, even for hours. Took me a bit to get used to the light settings though, but once I got the hang of it, really nice.
Love my kindle! This is my 3rd kindle. I can't live without. I do wish it has audio capability.
It's a positive addition to the household. I enjoy having Alexa around the house.
Alexa is a lot of fun! I use it every morning to get the news, and to listen to music.
Great gift for family and friends. I would recommend to my friends.
Fast, Reliable, easy to use. Best qUAD Core Processor
It works great for reading outside and pretty much anywhere I want to read it.
Surprisingly better than previous versions of Kindle. Light, vivid, easy to use
This is my third Amazon Fire tablet, and it is definitely an upgrade from my two-year-old 7-inch Fire HD. I love that it has a card slot and both front and rear-facing cameras.
This is a great reader for the price. I love the light for reading in the dark.
My children love the tablet. It's a good price and the apps that come with it are great.
I love using it to read.....have all my books loaded and ready for when I travel.
I like the ease of use and good support from Amazon. A reasonable price for a versatile tablet.
My wife absolutely loves this tablet. It wad an early Christmas present
Very happy with the Tap. We have the Echo and would have to unplug it and plug it in to use it on the deck. With the Tap we just take it off the charging stand and go. No more bothering with Bluetooth speakers and using our phone when we can just play music ever from the Internet with TAP.
I bought this tablet for my youngest son. He was the last in our family to get a Kindle fire, we all have one. He loves it, as we all do. It's a quality tablet for a great price. I know from experience ( and daily use) that it will last a long time. Love it!
I have about every single streaming player on the market. This one is not better or worse than the others. I got it only for using 3rd party apps. For that it works flawlessly! If you need a streaming device this one will fit the bill.
bought this device for my living room tv set up best idea ever
Great Item everyone should keep purchasing from best buy
Purchased this for my mother for mother's day. she is retired and loves to play cards on her laptop and read. She doesn't shop a lot and doesn't have internet access at her home. We bought this and my daughter uses our MiFi to download numerous books periodically for her. She has also downloaded numerous games for her to play. She loves having something smaller and so handy at her fingertips when she sits down to take a break during the day.
Purchased this for my mother as a gift. she uses mainly Apple products so there was an adjustment to switch over to Amazon apps. If you aren't familiar with Amazon then this may be an adjustment from Google or Apple. Good for beginners and the price. I liked that there was use for additional storage for a Mini-SD so hopefully I can store movies on there for her.
the recipient of this gift was very happy to receive it. worked great
Much more than a Bluetooth speaker. It is great to listen to music from Pandora, Amazon, etc with it streaming directly from wifi. Saves the battery on my phone. As others have said I wish that it had an option of having the voice activation on all times but I guess they didn't put that in to save battery life. Maybe something for the next generation TAp
Easy on the eyes for night time reading. Is a little slow, lags a little. Otherwise great.
My son was very happy with his Christmas gift. Kindle unlimited a must!
Love this!!!!It is kidproof...I have a active 1 year old grandson who enjoy it very much!!!
Amazon Echo is amazing, weather, sports, music and all the questions you can ask, my whole family loves it
I wanted a replacement comparable to my original, and this filled the bill.
Excellent price, app store could be better but mainly using this for PBS Kids app for our son and Netflix when mobile.
Works great. Love the kid option. Easy to use. Power lasts longer than I thought.
I bought this for my mom. She loves the convince of reading her books on there
awesome basic gadget for its price! no need for a more expensive one when you have it all.
I bought this for a gift and the receiver loves it. It's so easy to read.
links up with up local library. good to read in sunlight. can check web and emails. close to having a tablet but have to figure out what apps work with amazon.
Works great, makes a great gift! .................
solid build and battery can last for a month! even with backlid is on
It's ok. I love that I can set up my 5 year old on his own with the children's setting. The battery dies really fast though. We can't even make it through a long car ride without having to plug it in.
Perfect item for our autistic grandson. He absolutely loves it.
Great gift for the price. Brought for 2 year old grandson.
It is a nice tablet for the price. The camera is not that great but it is decent. Beware of the memory capacity though. It says that it holds 8 gb but only has 3.81 gb of free space, so less than half.
Got it for my daughter and she loves it and I love the child age range usage
impulse purchase but a good one. good fit with amazon account that we already had. nice screen, easy to navigate
We purchased this for our 10 yr old son with Aspergers. He was immediately able to understand and navigate the Amazon Fire. Thank you.
Alexa works very good , controls my thermostat ,TV lights and even tells corney jokes
I got it for my son he loves it very good for travel
This is the third Alexa I've purchased...one for two homes and one for work. With Amazon Prime you can listen to music by just saying "Alexa, play '70's rock" it also gives you weather, turns on lights with add ons and gives you anything you'd normally have to get by logging on to a computer. "alexa, what's the score of the Denver broncos?" it tells you."alexa, how do you prepare chicken marsala?" it tells you. get one!
This is perfect for someone who likes to read or just have another device to surf the web with quickly other than a cell phone. Great value.
We purchased 3 of these tablets on Black Friday as Christmas gifts for our oldest three children. We already have one at home that they share. We all love this little tablet and are very happy with its performance so far. It's perfect for the apps they use at school and for the kids' games as well. The App Store has so many great apps for free...!
Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better
I purchased this for my 9 year old niece and she LOVES it. Very kid friendly.
Does everything I needed and moreI use it as a travel companion and the size is great.
Amazon Fire Tv is a must if you have Amazon Prime.
She love it. She said it easy to use.She love it very much
My only wish is that you could sync a Bluetooth Speaker to take the music playing on the Echo unit to another room.
Best divine for streaming movies and tv show. The wifi and processor are fast.
This is all around a great tablet. My 1yr old can use it with ease. Also love how we can change the profiles to suit adults as well. Would recommend to anyone and all ages.
Easy to use and great value. Excellent viewing with good color
I use this item everyday. It can be for the time, play music on Spotify, weather, anything. I have the Echo and the Echo dot.
I purchased this device to use it in my work, and it's really did the job..
Bought one last year for a Christmas gift and it is amazing. So I bought 2 more this year for gifts and they loved them.
I like the fact that I don't have to carry books anymore, just this little device and I have a lot of books in hand.
Was so glad to get rid of my cable bill for TV. There are a lot of free stuff out there that this will save me a ton.
Perfect for a beginner. Difficult to hold up while reading in bed as the back shell is very slick. Great value though.
I had an original kindle that finally gave up the ghost after several years of service. I have been using my iPad mini as a reader, but it bothered my eyes after extended use. I like a dedicated reader like the voyager. It is about as close as you can come to an actual book. Love the adjustable backlot screen.
It works for what I use it for which is PlayStation vue. My only complaint is that the remote could be better quality.
Easy to use bought for our 5 year old, found a case which allows him to keep it safe.
This is great ebook reader Simple interface and easy to understand. Web browser is not that great but it serves great purpose for what it is made
I bought this Amazon fire TV to reduce services from my cable TV provider. The unit itself is small and unobtrusive. As I already have an Amazon Prime account, setup and registration were simple and straightforward. The unit works as it should. It is fast and the voice search works better than I expected. I have only had the Fire TV for a few weeks, so I cannot speak to long term reliability. So far, absolutely no problems with the unit. Fire TV is a great addition for Amazon Prime subscribers.
The integration to my home automation is transparent, I hope devices offered a way/skill to connect to all systems so I could have running amazon-google-apple-microsoft at the same between them.Amazon per what I researched was the best at my time of purchase, and it really makes it simple. It delivers on what they promise.
alexa is awesome. So many things she can do. Set alarms, shopping lists, answer questions, change the temperature of my home! I can't wait to add light controls to the many things she can do. She is the first step to making my home a smart home!
It's a very nice tablet. Still learning how to use it. Always something new to learn on this tablet
After a lot of research I purchased the fire tv. As far as t know it is one of the only if not only streamers out today that after its latest update can force dd+ to downcovert to regular dd 5.1 over HDMI great feature for soundbar and legacy receiver owners. I do not have a 4K tv so that is not important to me. All else works great out of the box this unit had a lot if bugs in the beginning but except for lack of vudu I love it. Being a prime member also helps.
Easy to use, happy with purchase will recommend to anyone that is thinking on getting one user friendly.
The kindle is my favorite tablet for reading books
If you are a reader, this is the e-reader to own. I have ipads, Samsung tablets and two nooks, but this is the one I love. Get yours!!
The unit works good and understands you easily. Just not sure how much it can really do. The music quality is middle grade compared to other speakers.
all i can say it is awesome she was watching movies on her phone now she watch them on her tablet
This tablet is a nice gift for my granddaughters , they spending a lot of time reading books on this and they have a fun time with the games . Love it
This is a great tablet for young children. Our kids got them for Christmas so we are still trying to figure it all out. I would recommend going ahead and purchasing a sd card bc the storage space ran out very quickly.
I purchased this as a gift for a child. After I read tons of reviews and asked my nephew how he liked his... It was GREAT for the price i just wish amazon would allow you to sync your google play.Other than that great product and great experience at best buy :)
Unit has fast response time. Graphics are very clear.
I already have an ipad but never felt like it was made for reading so I checked this at the store and love how it made me feel. Feeling like reading a real book but you also have some features as it's an e-reader. Enjoy carrying it in backpack/purse, light weight with perfect small size.
Easy to use economical and portable.I intially bought just for reading but it has been useful in apps facebook etc.
Unbelievable quality for a great price. Easy to set up and awesome customer support.
Way better than Apple TV. Very reliable user friendly
Can be dropped, thrown and doesnt break. awesome tablet
The tablet could be great for my 4 year old daughter if it worked properly. As of right now I need to return it to see if a new one will work. There are black and grey lines across the screen most of the time. It will not go to the home screen so my daughter can play on it. I am hoping a new one will not be faulty.
This is a newer version of the Fire I had previously and I love it. I like the camera. This version is lighter than the other. It is taking me a while to learn the differences but most of them are improvements.
Fantastic gadget for reading. Excellent quality and the right price!
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It's so perfect for kids! Love that we can read books on them and I love the child lock lol! She loves the games too! Perfect for my girl!
A little more complicated than my original kindle, but I lIke it.
It's a wonderful instrument with quick response time and good memory for downloading games, apps and videos. Great sound quality and great video quality.
So easy to read books from and play my different games that I enjoy. The set up was really easy did take a little while to get it going but probably more my fault than otherwise.
The Amazon Fire TV is really easy to use and installation was super easy. I have really enjoyed the voice search feature. Best purchase I've made in awhile.
This little guy is great at what it does, it lets me read lol, holds more books that I'll ever need and it just works
My son love it can't do anything without his Amazon fire on his hand.
My family and i love it,its now a member of our family.
Great for young children and beginners. Has all the basic features needed to enjoy this tablet
This is so much better than the fire stick. No lag and an Ethernet port.
I haven't finished setting this up. But the demo section explains how to setup. Alexa seems ready to follow the commands.
I purchased this tablet for my mother, but I set it up and tested it out. It is super fast! I have the original Kindle Fire and all I can say is Amazon has come a long way! The new Fire HD8 is so much better than the original! I like it so much that I am thinking of purchasing one for myself! I would highly recommend this tablet to anyone!
Great product. Provides quick responses. Works with other smart devices like lights and speakers for a seamless voice control experience.
This would be a great tablet even if it were $100. Picking it up on Black Friday was literally a no-brainer. I saw it, looked at the price, picked it up and bought it. It is great for all age users. Not great for graphically intense games, but if you want that you need to pay for it. For a casual, everyday tablet (also great for watching movies on the go) you can't beat it.
The reader is great, with a crisp display and excellent battery life. I like having the option of either using the buttons to flip pages, or just swipe it. The latter always required two hands, so the buttons can make it easier.
She does what I ask of her for now. I haven't really gotten a chance to open up all her abilities due to the fact I don't have other smart things. She plays my music tell me my weather and what is on my to do list.
I went back and forth but this was the right call.
I am always happy with the products I purchased, especially the Kindle Fire. The are reasonably priced. I have 3; one is for my granddaughter when she she visits.
Love my Echo. Alexa is fun to talk to and play with.
The tablet has been a great gift for a 10 year old
I was a little confused at first but with continued use it worked really well. I enjoy taking photos of my adventures.
Have been very happy with it. Am using this as the control point for wifi enabled lighting system, sound system tv controls etc
This is a neat product but did not fit my needs.I have several bluetooth devices and some could not be recognized so I did return it. Might be good for others as what did work worked ok.
Enjoying it at work on break and for listening to music
Very bright display, speedy processor, and solid feel. Impressed.
We bought this tablet for our 6-year old. It has a lot of kid-friendly features and my daughter loves it.
Alexa is awesome, works for what I want, next lights. She actually listens to me.At first I had my reservations but it surpassed my expectations. Really wish I had more time to learn new things to do with it.
You can't beat a color HD tablet for $50. Go buy one now!
I like it it comes in handy to watch netflix with thank you
Love everything about the tablet! I would recommend this to a friend
Alexa is so much fun. Love the jokes and the ability to get any information I need by simply asking
Better than anticipated. Would recommend. Can't wait for q battery operated version.
I know there are other options out there, including the Fire Stick but this box is great. Doesn't lag at all, unlike my Apple TV (last generation though). I wanted to have a product based on Android for the goodies available and so far I'm liking it a lot, and it's 4K :)
The better choice from the others, especially if you are a Prime member. Easy to set up and to use. Voice remote and now with Alexa built in, the better choice
This Echo voice activated speaker made life so much easier. Also the sound emanating from it exceeded my expectations.
It does a lot of things as well as a more expensive tablet so it's strong for the money spent
I purchased this Kindle because I wanted the buttons on the side -- I prefer to hold my e-reader in just my left hand and it's hard to turn pages by screen press only. I love this so far! It's an upgrade from my Nook because it's so much easier to borrow books from the library! I've never used a Paperwhite so I can't speak as to how it's better, other than it has the side-press buttons (which was worth it to me).
nice size and nice price for looking at my camera images on the go
Own the kindle from 2010. i bought this one because of the backlight.i can read without an external light source.Love my old kindle and love this one as well. Would highly recommend.
I bought the 8" version on impulse because of an excellent offer on Black Friday. As an Amazon product, it offers Amazon apps. While you can get Google Play apps, it requires some hoops. I just discovered I can't save movies from Netflix because that only applies to the HDX version. So this product has limits. But used as a Kindle reader, or to get email via wifi, or other uses (wifi only) while traveling where you wouldn't want to take an expensive device, it is a good choice.
Excellent for any book lover PLUS it is great for outdoor use as well as.people who have a challenge with using an ipad type tablet due to the screen blink that can't be noticed due to the speed but is a killer for the eyes.
Great for streaming. Price is affordable. I will tell my friends.
Absolutely love it friends and family all purchase on
This thing is AWE... wait for it... SOME. Don't like cable? Buy this thing immediately!
Bought for kids like how sturdy they are my son has dropped his twice and it must keeps on going. Also. Added Amazon prime which is a great deal.
Easy to read in daylight and optional backlight makes this a great device. I miss the side buttons of the older version and it could be easier to tap the screen with the left hand to advance the page.
I would recommend this product to almost anyone. It's small and user friendly. The installation was easy and hassle free
My son love it. He watch his favorite cartoon shows and love to read books
Great Product and great Price! Love it i would recommend to anyone who is looking for tablet on a good price
Great product. Thank you
This is my first Kindle. Previously I have owned several Nooks. The Voyage is lightweight and the built in dimming light works great. I would give it the edge over the Nook.
I bought 8 of these for Christmas gifts and everyone loved them. So easy to use my 75 year old mother picked it right up and started using it. Love love love my fire
Hard to figure out looks like a nice piece of furniture right now but it's really hard to determine how to use it
Battery life is excellent. I like the backlight and found the screen easy to read, although it isn't quite as much like paper as some of the other reviews I read make it seem.
Great tablet for a beginner to get used to the technology
Perfect Tablet for my grandkids. Easy for them to use as the parent can set up controls on this tablet. ABC Mouse can be downloaded for preschool kids which is a plus. Purchased 4 one for each of my grandchildren so there is no more fighting of tablets. Great find! Thank you Best Buy. Also I purchased the insurance for these tablets because you know how little ones are. Overall everyone was very happy at Christmas
I purchased the Paperwhite specifically because I want to be able to read in bright sunlight. I bought this around Christmas time so I have not been near a pool deck yet, but I assume it will do what it is advertised as. It has a six inch screen, a bit small for me, but I do like it. It's lightweight so you can put it in a handbag and not feel weighted down. The only thing I don't like is that the screen is black and white, not color like my Kindle Fire. That took some getting used to but I look forward to laying by the pool and reading a good book while getting some sun!
Great tablet! Brought this for my wife and she loves reading off of it! Great price, easy to use! Great purchase!
This new paperwhite was purchased to replace an older 2nd Gen Kindle. This one is bright, easy to read and small.
Another Siri in the house. Echo. Is better. Great loud sound. Bought white. Love it.
This is by far the best reader for all lighting environments. The only drawback I see are the constant ads when you log on to the device, and the library interfaceneeds to be more intuitive. However, I'm very satisfied with my purchase and use of this Voyage. I've already read over six books with it in just 3+ weeks.
I bought this for my niece and she seems to love it. Great for netflix and playing games. Of course you can also read books just like all kindles.
This is the 4th Kindle fire we have purchased - we love this tablet - its a great price and a great product!
Bought this to use in my basement after I decided to cut the cord. This item works awesome and is exactly what I needed. The main reason I purchased it was to stream PS Vue but there are many other devices that do that now. Not at all disappointed with this item.
kid proof! bought for my grand babies and they love it!
I purchased this as a gift for my aunt, after Her laptop went out.She is happy with the ability to download apps and play games while in her recliner and even found apps for texting. It's very good for people who are not so well versed with technology and don't require a lot of storage space. She loves it, which is all that matters!
I'm not sure who needs more experience...Alexa or me. After one month, The Echo has been a little fickle. At times it's providing excellent service in answering questions, and there's other times that it doesn't understand the question. Maybe it's how we're are asking or it's not programmed to be intelligent enough. More time will tell. All in All, we're having fun with Alexa.
2nd kindle liked the first one better space bar located to close to change menu icons download is slow and have great internet service, device freezes up a lot and have to shut down and reboot, must close out any open tab to open a new one one happy with this model
User FriendlyI was able to tie up all my streaming into 1 display. Netflix, Amazon Prime, Directv Now, Alexa is great, just hold the button down and ask away!!!!
This amazon fire tv is a excellent product the box is very Small sitting next to the TVs . The fire tv cost a little more than the stick BUT the processor is must faster.
The Kindle works as it should and was inexpensive but has a short battery life
My only complaint is that 8GB is really not enough memory if you do audiobooks or videos.
Bought it for a gift for our 21 year old daughter. She wanted a speaker and then decided on this. Her roommates LOVE it! She likes the white.
This item was not expensive but does a lot of more than tablets that cost more. I have purchased three with with two purchased last year with no issues
Excellent for kids! Tons of fun apps, videos and books. Love that it comes with a year of Free Time.
Easy set up and amazing usefulness, love it. I use it all the time and continue to find new ways to take advantage of all there is within Alexa. Will purchase another one for bedroom!
I bought this for a gift for my nephew and he loved it!!!
Gave as a gift to niece in hospital she loved it. Was able to do everything on the tablet she wanted to. Easy to use I was the one who set it up for her was very simple.
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
This tablet is so much easier to use than my 6" fire. It is great for reading or eatching movies.
Great music and. Fun to test her knowledge. Amazing how qickly she responds to any question. Cannot stump her.
Battery doesn't last the up to 7 hours estimate. Didn't even last 4 hours one day. Watches video mostly but should last longer than that.
Helps me turn my lights off or dimmed. Wake up to news and weather. Love it.Memory aid.
It took a little while to figure it out, but once I did it is very simple and easy to use! Convenient and great for reading both indoors and outdoors which is exactly what I was looking for.
Got this for my in-laws who are not tech-savvy and they are truely enjoying the ease of use.
Have enjoyed this kindle, especially for the price.
I'm So Happy I Bought This. It Goes Everywhere With Me. Best Thing I Have Purchased In A Long Time.
Such a great product. Don't pay for cable anymore, that's a waste! I love this thing.
This tablet is the best for kids. Switching from kids to adult is awesome! Works perfect and has lots and lots of apps for kids
I am enjoying my echo and keep trying to find new uses for it. Having fun playing with all the features.
Once you figure out its language, you can have a moderate amount of fun, but the interactive experience could be much better.
Love the ability to read in sunlight, create files.
Great tool for every day life and excellent sound.Highly recommended.
Very rugged design. My nieces absolutely love this.
Has worked very well with Sling TV and other streaming apps.
Overall I am very pleased with my paperwhite. Small and compact, fits in my purse, lightweight, and easy to read with the backlight.
Just wish I could remove most of the Amazon apps other then that it's good for the kids.
Great sound, easy to set up. Connects to wifi no issues.
Bought this tab for the $40 dollar sale price and its a nice little system. Nothing worthy of note though I have to say I am not a fan of the amazons operating system. My wife hates the inability to delete preinstalled bloatware so the home-screen is not OCD friendly.
An acceptable e-reader.You will need to spend $20 to remove the ads
For the price guy cannot beat it great for watching videos or streaming television.
Great Device and Great Value for the price that is paid. Perfect for reading ebooks and general internet activity.
Screen is very clear and battery last a long time. Very good substitute if you can afford a iPad.
This tablet was and still is I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a tablet.
I use my Amazon fire TV as a replacement for my cable box. I have an Amazon prime membership and I watch their content plus I use the service sling to watch live TV.
I bought 2 of these and they were both Christmas gifts (1) for my daughter and (1) for her daughter. The price was great ! Now, how do I let you know who the owners are and how they can set them up in their names?
tablet was easy to set up and get started. 80 year old mother loves it!
It is not a necessity but it is a good assistant. Lots of fun and entertains many guests. Very helpful in the kitchen.
Simple and deluxe, functions well and holds up- even with kids and their paws. Its layout and usability a bit confusing at first. Watch out for amazon add ons to charge your account though.
Great if you read alot of magazines, books or plan to spend alot of $ for music and stuff...most aps arnt available like google play store
Love my amazon box I'm thinking of buying another.
It's a mini computer packed in a handheld devise. Applications load quickly and I am able to get my work completed, while riding the commuter rail.
Works fine. Alittle pricy. Kindle without is not good.
Great addition to my outdoor cinema. I have a strong network outside and though I am 50 feet from my house I can still stream movies without buffering
Great for kids. Bought it for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. For the cost it is a great tablet.
I wish Alexa were more like Rosie the Robot on "The Jetsons" but she is a ton of fun and moderately useful. She may have thousands of skills but in a fairly narrow range -- how many joke or inspiration skills does anyone AI really need? -- so a broader base, with more games, better understanding of smart devices, etc would be spectacular.
If you like to read books, I totally recommend this product. I love reading books and the kindle paperwhite really helps. I used to read books on the iPad all the time but it would strain my eyes. After reading all the reviews I decided it was finally time to get a ereader. Since I had my iPad already I just needed one to strictly read books, so I got the paperwhite. It is so nice to read from especially in the sun. It's almost like reading from the actual book. It's the perfect size to read in one hand and stores so many books, even some for my child. It's also great for traveling. I have all my books on hand no matter where I go. There are only two cons to the paperwhite. One is that the touch screen is not that receptive as compared to an iPad. At times it doesn't register my swipes or taps. The other con is that it's only black and white. It really isn't a problem when I'm reading, just for the children's books.
The Amazon Fire TV is a must have for anyone the loves to stream movies and videos.
This is the second Kindle that I have purchased. I love that it is so small and easy to carry around, and the back light is a great feature!
I bought this as a gift for my grandmother. I debated between the Basic Kindle or the Paperwhite and chose the Kindle Paperwhite. She loves it! It's very basic and easy for her to navigate. Everything is straight forward. The Kindle Paperwhite is nice because of it being backlite she can read in the dark or ever outside in the direct sunlight. There is no glare whatsoever. The size perfect for her hands and do not get sore or achy as if she was reading a paperback book. If your looking for a device strictly for reading purposes only get the Kindle Paperwhite. Overall, I and my grandmother are greatly impressed with this product. I had my doubts at first due to never using a product like this, but im considering getting myself one.
Keyboard is a must for ease of use. Sometimes apps don't want to close.
There are a few options in this area. Amazon has more time and experience in the field, and in some ways it shows. It doesn't do everything yet, but is growing all the time. Surprisingly good speaker, and Alexa is quite good with voice recognition.
Works with all my smart devices.. and the white looks cool
What a cool device to set timers, play music, read you the news, turn of/off lights and change your temperature all from saying the trigger word. Works great.
This product not good waste of money I would recommend it
My son had the kindle w/o the camera but cracked the screen so we bought the upgrade with the camera. He loves it
Great product! You get exactly what you pay for, plus more.
Very nice tablet. Easy to use, screen is very bright and clear. Nice tablet for the money!
Very handy gadget to have at home. Use frequently to play subtle background music, get weather forcast, or add items to a shopping list. Can order items on Amazon or put them in shopping cart. Has been a great purchase. Highly recommend. Great sound by the way.
Great product for the dollar. Recommend this item to others.
Bought as a gift and it's easy to use must have for yourself
This is a great starter tablet for kids and adults alike. It's always at a great price and works beautifully.
This box is on par or better than the competition when combine with Amazon Prime. 4 stars because I feel it's time the internals get an upgrade.
Great value for a tablet. I bought 2 for the kids.
Gave this to my son-in law. Perfect gift . He loves the paperwhite
Needs to be a way to lock screen. Kiddo loves the device for books and movies on long road trips but accidentally turns off screen or clicks out of it.
I bought this device because my Fire HDX wasn't adequate for reading in direct sunlight. For sunlight reading, I give the Paperwhite a 5. However... I cannot change the display time before the screen sleeps, the reading location jumps backward and forward a lot when I touch the screen (when I thought I was just going one page either way), the home screen is confusing and not user friendly (only 3 books visible on "show specials" model) and the battery only lasts one day if I read 5 or 6 hours. For those reasons, I give it a 3 for both design options and user friendliness. That's a 3.6. Averaged up and gave it 4 stars.
Works great for a tablet and inexpensive. I got three in the past year and they all work great. I got them as gifts but I believe they don't have the same apps you can get through apple and Google play. You may want to check that out if you are using it for those apps.
purchased for my mom and showed her a few apps and she took to it without further direction
Bought for my wife as a replacement for a Fire purchased a few years ago. She likes this better
THIS FIRE BOX IS A GOOD STREAMING DEVICE. Would recommend this product.
Purchased as a gift. They love it and I loved the price. Lower than Amazon!
Love all the things Alexa can help with. Playing music and grocery list are my favs.
I purchased this for my son overseas as he had broken the screen on his last one. When he opened it he was amazed at the size and weight of this one. He also was very elated that all his books that he purchased immediately downloaded to the new one with his bookmarks in place. All in all a great purchase from an excellent company.
Looks nice can't wait to try it out! Great price for a tablet.
We absolutely love the Amazon echo aka Alexa. She is very helpful with information from the weather to new to sports. And listening to our favorite music. And plenty more. It's voice activated. Very easy to use. So anyone could do it
My son just loves watching movies on it. Very easy to use.
I found the Fire TV to be a good box for streaming, but not great. Two things that stood out is the low internal drive space and so so speed.I would recommend it, with a clear understanding of the short falls.
searching the internet is a great bonus with this device
Bought as presents for the grand-kids. Perfect size for them...perfect price for us. Win Win
Product seems to do a lot of useful things. I'd be cautious about the device always listening to what is being said though. Samsung has the same issue with their smart TVs. Anything that takes audible commands is always listening to receive those commands and will pick up anything else you talk about as well.
The 8 inch Fire is s great reader, 5 star. The only down side are limited add on applications.
I like it allot, but the memory size is somewhat limiting. I thought that I could save and run apps from the SD card, but it seems that most of the app still need to reside in the internal memory.Also beware that Android apps will not work on a Kindle. Kindle Fire apps need to be downloaded from Amazon.
easy to use, best value for the price, and i would recommend this product to everybody
Connected hardwire to the home network. Added Playstation Vue. Very Happy. Some limits on live sports can be a problem.
Don't shop around! Great parental controls. Easy to set up
Amazon - Fire Tv is ok. i was thinking it was going to be faster then the Amazon stick.
The new Fire HD8 tablet is a great purchase for the price; it's fast enough for basic browsing, and you can download prime videos to watch on the go (which is why I bought it).
I bought this and the dot when shopping after Christmas. A spur of the moment decision. It is so much fun. And every day there is something new! We love it.
It could be a couple of square inches bigger but its great. Ability to adjust background light is fantastic.
Setup is extremely easy. Access to numerous movies and apps. Streaming works great. Perfect option for people who want to stop paying for cable. Ensure the software is updated after first setting up your Amazon account. Few Cons: Only able to use the voice search option on the main screen.Must reboot occasionally if WiFi connection fails.
I purchased this so that I could use Skype to check on my dogs during the day. I had to download an app that makes the Fire stay on otherwise it goes to sleep. Once I had that app installed and Skype doing the Auto-Answer it worked well. Overall if I was going to use this as a reader or mini tablet it looks like a good product. The screen is bright and sharp.
I, as well as other Kindle lovers, have noticed that although we have taken great care with the cover, it has warped and has bubbles and is not durable. Within 3 months, and I only started using the Kindle with the cover in the past 2 weeks, noticed the cover has become warped and bubbled under the leather. No idea what would cause this, I have taken great care not to put it near any source that would have done this damage, not sunlight, heat, moisture or anything. I will be requesting a replacement, but Kindle manufacturers of the cover need to do their homework and come up with a better product, especially for the price we paid.
I love this tablet! Its easy to use and provides hours of e entertainment.
I bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves this device .
Serves my needs as required. Sound is good. Ability to move device where required is ideal
Very large, pretty quick processing, great picture
It is a great voice control device that help daily life around the house. The mic pickup is very sensitive ND can pickup my commands from across the room with TV on. It retrieve s all kind of information such as nrws, weather etc. Great music player. Love it!!
Works great, camera is not the best indoors, works well outdoors
I love that this guy supports 4K content since I just recently bought a 4K TV. Please be aware that if you don't already have an Amazon account, you'll have to set one up before using it. You can set it up through the Fire TV, but It'd be best if you just do it through a computer because the process to set up the account through the device I tedious and frustrating at times.
It's a lovely game for kids wolf my daughter have one and I love it
This doesn't have the ability to control volume or turn off and on the tv. Liked the programming didn't like the features.
The unit itself is very simple to use, somewhat difficult to get connected at startup but once setup ran flawlessly. Memory a little small.
This tablet has worked perfectly since I got it in April. The special offers are only on the lock screen and it works with all my apps. It's very responsive and the screen resolution is great.
The Echo does everything. I love it. They add new apps often. :)
highly recommend this to anyone who loves music!!!
Perfect for PS Vue and HBO Now. Had it for over a month now, no issues!
I love this Kindle. It is a replacement for one which was almost 5 years old when the built-in light stopped working. I used it constantly, for hours every day, carried it in my purse all the time, and traveled with it. I will not be without a Kindle. Replacing it was a foregone conclusion but I still read the reviews, just in case. :)
Perfect for development if you use the parental controls properly by setting time limits, goals for reading vs. game play, etc.Durable, reliable, perfect for when you need a few minutes of quiet time. Charger provided was flimsy, but any mini-USB works better.
I received this as a gift and love it. It can do so many things I have to give it a 9/10!
Good small affordable tablet gets the job done very nice.
Amazons's ECHO is everything good you might have heard - as long as you are a $100 a year Prime member but, why wouldn't you with all it has to offer.
Bought this for vacations at the beach - easy to read in the sulight.
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
I use this speaker daily and love the sound quality and its ability to be independant of my phone/tablet unlike normal Bluetooth speakers that require your phone to play music even if they have the same sound quality.
Happy with product especially at this price. Easy to use and small to carry with me
I didn't need to review the product because I alread had one. I purchased the kindle for my wife for our anniversary and she loves it. The best part is you can read it outside in the bright sun or inside .We rarely buy paper books anymore!
I boufgt it as a gift to my granddaughter and she uses it for school work daily
Does what it's supposed to. Fine for reading or watching video. But I was anticipating it having a swype keyboard (my earlier gen kindle has one) and it doesn't. Ended up having to buy a a Bluetooth keyboard so I can use it to type notes at work.
I bought 3 of these tablets on Black Friday. 1 for my oldest son to replace a Tablet he had damaged awhile ago, one for my toddler son who has begun to enjoy using my wife's tablet for Sesame, Thomas, etc, and one for myself since they were such a good buy. Since we have Amazon Prime and Netflix, I must say that this thing comes in pretty handy!
Fire tablet is very simple and sufficient for internet browsing. Amazan Fire is at reasonable cost and cheap.
Got this as a Christmas present for my exchange student.He loves it.If I was more of an android user I'd consider one myself, especially with the kindle lending library.
A good computer device to use when traveling at a fair price.
this is perfect size for my grandson - plays the games and stores all the things he needs to do to solve all fights with his brother
Does exactly what it is supposed to. 5 stars if it were a little less $$ and had bitstream audio out for true dolby atmos decoding on the receiver end.
Works great with so many options. Haven't been able to get the 4k to work but that might be the hdmi cable currently connected. Everythings wotks extremely fast.
Easy to read under different lightning conditions. Soft glow of the light at night makes reading before sleep easier on your eyes. But what I like most of all is this is only used for reading and I don't get distracted checking email, FB, internet etc.
Great product. Except you have to have it plugged in all the time. No battery! So using it wherever you want becomes a little more complicated.
Excellent low cost table. Fair for the price!!!!!!!!
This was a gift for my 3 year old. I am so happy with my purchase. This try to keep some busy so I can now catch up with doing the things I loved.
I got this tablet for one of my cousin's kids who is really enjoying this so far.
I already had an Amazon firestick, I really love this device because it operates faster than my firestick and I'm able to plug an Ethernet cord. Great buy!
For me, it is only great for playing english-language music. I may try to connect to light switches and socketsss through something like nest, but until then, answering questions about history and societyit fails.
A great small tablet - works very well for a young person.
Like the tablet wish it had better battery life the older kindle battery life was amazing
Just like the reviews said, the Netflix app buffers every few minutes...AWFUL.....now I only have to glimpse that spinning red circle and my blood pressure rises. (I was hoping I would be one of the minority. =( ) . I finally yanked the HDMI cable and attached it to my computer to finish watching my program.I'm not returning the Amazon Fire-TV yet, because I recently acquired Amazon Prime and I've been hearing great things about their selection of movies, etc. Will update after I've used it for that.
Bought this item for my son because the last one needed replacing. Easy to use to read books and do internet searches.
Loved my other kindle, but love this new one even more. Particularly enjoy the thinner size and lighter weight.
Highly recommended, easy to use and excellent quality
I've not really been a reader in the past. I thought maybe I'd enjoy reading at the beach and so I tried my tablet. It blew. I couldn't see the screen. It had a glare. The Ereader has been great and I'm reading more than at the beach now. It works well. No issues. Wish it was waterproof/sandpfoof
The Amazon fire was a gift for my mom and she seems to really enjoy it. I have one so I bought her this one for her birthday. She enjoying all the games she downloaded.
Just my . opinion but i like the Apple tv better. Just easier to use
I have the older Kindle with keyboard. This one is lighter, touchscreen, and has the back light. It was worth the extra $ to buy this one with the backlight. My daughter doesn't need to worry about whether she has a book light with her when she reads on long trips. A+
This movie could have been a little more action packed. Ok for what it was
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
Great product, very useful. Good speaker. Just like this product very much
Although having an Amazon Prime membership adds to it's charm(Amazon Music), it's not a must have to enjoy all of Alexa's skills. Adults can enjoy music through Spotify and the daily briefings while the kids in particular enjoy her family friendly jokes. New skills are rolled out almost daily. I was glad that MS Outlook calendar is now an Alexa skill.
If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.
There are thousands of reviews and I have nothing new to add
all around great speaker would definitly recommend
Incredibly fast tablet charger. Works as advertised without any issues.
Biting as a gift, my only concern was the size and the Amazon interface. It was easy enough to download the Google play store, so it was familiar to the user. Size was an initial concern, but it was just right to watch movies without being so cumbersome.
The screen picture is crisp and bright. I will use this tablet for many things.
I decided to get an Echo when I kept reading about everything Alexa could do. Not disappointed. She now controls our TV, Security, Front door and Shopping Lists with ease. And, she understands me, unlike Siri. Love her.
This Kindle in the largest,thinnest yetfastestand most durable. We purchase the geek squad insurance with it kindly. Best decision ever.
this tablet works great and is a great price made great christmas presents
great tablet for children, lots of content. games books etc and easy for my 4 y.o to use.
Just what my wife wanted and needed she loved it! It is easy to use and simple to set up!
We have this for a gift so do not have any feedback yet
It has parental controls and it has great picture quality. It also let's you download educational games for kids to learn on.
Fun to play with.. Was alittle difficult to get all set up.
This was bought as a replacement to a shattered screen kindle. We are always happy with our kindle but can i just tell you how easy it was to set up the replacement!?!? Literally no strain on the brain, follow screen instructions and EVERYTHING from old kindle transferred over flawlessly! Awesome!
Great for playing out music in the house. Not used for much else
I won't leave home without it now! It allows me to take my library with me anywhere I go without having to lug dozens of books around. While I do enjoy the feel and smell of a good book, the kindle is an absolute delight to read from!
My son gave this to me for a B-day gift! Music, movies, shows - and some news. Since I "cut the cable" I find that there really is very little news that I can't get elsewhere. No more news-fix required! Works with my Fire Tablet too!
I love this Echo device. I can order items from amazon very easily and turn lights on and off. I recommend this fun gadget
Love this tablet. It does everything I need it to.My problem is, I have family that falls in love with it so I give mine away. If this wasn't good, I wouldn't be on my 3rd one.The only thing I would change is the silly ads and even worse browser. Other than that, a solid product!
it worked fine, was a lot of fun, but had to return it - no complaints about product or best buy.
Perfect for the price. Great for kids to play games. Good battery life too!
The echo is a great and works well with other web based programs such as nest, and with the Phillips lighting systems. Plus it's fun to play games on!
I'm getting rid of my DirecTV subscription for this. I love it! I don't have to forward through commercials :)
I had a problem with my Kindle not charging, Turns out I needed a new charger and cable. Everything is perfect now. Thank you Amazon for great customer service and for providing me with the charger and cable. Your support representatives are excellent.
Everyone should have an Alexa in their home. She is like part of the family!
Very similar to the fire stick but it seems a bit faster when downloading.
Easy, great tone, and amazing!I gave it as a gift and they had no problem setting it up with Amazon. Listen to music immediately and it obeyed commands . Great !
good at this price running smooth as expected and cheaper than amazon
This is my second Amazon Fire TV, I got the second one with voice remote, but I don't seem to use the voice remote option that often, but I do like the Fire TV and use it frequently.
The Echo is a fun tech toy. We don't have blue-tooth lights or heating/ac, but we have been having fun with the music and games.
i originally purchased for 3 year old and it is great especially at this price i love the free amazon apps and the clarity of the tablet i just dont like the app arrangement and slideview app type
I am an avid reader. I use to have to pack multiple books on any vacation or trip for business. This has replaced all that. This is my second kindle and I am very impressed. The back light helps for reading at night or in bright places.
This is a great tablet for people that are new to tablets and do not want to spend much money on it.
I have only had this for a short time but it is great! Even our 3 year old Nephew enjoys it!
If you want a certain level of privacy and at the same time a speech enabled assistant, then this is the product for you. The Tap only listens to your, when you push the "button, otherwise it is deaf to its surroundings. You get the awesome power of Alexa, provided by Amazon, and no worries about anyone listening to you surreptitiously.
Works great for Vue, and other apps if you don't have a smart TV. Better quality on Vue than my PS4
I had a 3 year old Roku stick which was a lot better than broadcast antenna service but with the Roku stick I often waited through long pauses while the data was buffering. The Fire TV (2015 model) is a small box on my flat screen TV stand which provides a fast friendly interface to fast streaming entertainment and almost no buffering waits. I like the small tapered remote control which is light and easy to hold and point while browsing the many options. Amazon offers Prime members a very large array of entertainment and learning selections to enjoy.
Great aesthetic look and performs well. You have to read what Alexa can connect to. Worth buying at Best Buy.
I think the Echo is a very useful product.Everyone should have one in there home.It is great as a alarm/as a weather man or as a weather woman, the programming is very simple.Echo is awesome on making shopping list and storing recipes.Echo is very entertaining with music and learning about your favorite artist all you have to do is simply ask it. it's awesome just awesome .
Bought it during the black Friday sale, is mainly used for minecraft pocket edition. Charging port is pretty weak, though.
i love it, good sound quality, much better than amazon tap plus alexa is best
Ok I would not be recomend this product at all okk
She's great... Very useful and out of the way... Going to get a DOT
Pretty cool little tablet, worked fast, had free games, lots of cool features, a camera, overall it was a pretty great tablet especially for how cheap it is.
I am happy as i bought it for reading and it is good.
This tablet is awesome...HD resolution, fast processor and affordable! Highly Recommended.
Good devices except you can't find some apps you only can get it from Google Play Store instead of Amazon App Store. You have to learn how to side load apps if you want to install apps that you can't find from Amazon App Store.
Very good purchase for the price and back lit option is really usefult o read at night without having to have the lights on
Box works great for cutting the cord for cable, specs are great .
Great gift great price light weight battery lasts long time
satisfied with my purchase!needed upgrade from original kindle, wanted for outside use.small and compact.
Love the Echo speaker! Great sound! However, you must be an Amazon prime subscriber to enjoy the full benefits of this product.
If you are in the Amazon ecosystem, the Fire HD8 is a great choice for an inexpensive tablet. Very responsive, good screen, and so far the battery life has been great. The only drawback of the Fire is the apps are only available from the Amazon App Store, not the Google Play Store. For example, there is no Gmail application to install. But that's not what I use this for... Kindle reading, Netflix viewing, occasional Facebooking and light web browsing are well suited to this device. Can't beat it for $89.
Use it for my shopping list and for timers. Use it for music and amusement.
Compared to the Galaxy kids tablet, this was a better deal and more durable for children below 12 yrs. old.
I bought this Kindle Fire for my daughter for Christmas, and she has completely enjoyed it. Build quality seems good, and I have been impressed with how Amazon has increased the functionality of its basic Kindle Fire over the iterations of this product (I also own a first generation Fire). It remains a very viable product and a joy to use.
I am definitely happy with my purchase. It's a very good android box, even if most of the content seems to be amazon content with the ability to sideload (install other android apps not from the amazon store) this makes one of the top android boxes. Also the ability to play some games makes it a plus. (just buy a microsd card since memory is limited to 8GB on this box)
I like it so much as it comes with Alexa with new OS. You can download all the cool apps that u need. Worth the money we spend.
My son enjoys this tablet as it is kids friendly and easy to use
Everything worked just fine with the product and we would buy again.
The echo is cool. I reviewed the google home product vs the echo. Amazon's echo has been out longer and partners better with more applications. The sound quality isn't as good as the sonos speakers, however it is still very decent and makes a nice addition to where I throw my keys. It would be nice if they made these on a wireless charging station so you could move the echo around more easily.
Wanted inexpensive tablet for my grandkids and these did the job.Cheers!
Easy to use and A smoother interface than others like it
This is great for streaming Plex to tv's. No hassle perfect quality for a fire stick
This works much better than the fire stick. There is no buffering at all with movies and tv. Ended up buy 2 more,.
BOUGHT FOR MY GRANDKIDS AGES 5-10 AND THEY LOVED IT
Alexa is great! Some glitches with recognizing voice commands or questions but overall fun.
Gave to my mom for Christmas. She had an older kindle, loves the fire, too. Has more features. She is happy.
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV to cut my cable and use it for Play Station Vue. It has worked great. It is super fast compared to the fire stick. I tried the Roku as well but for this application the Fire tv was the clear winner. I liked it so much I bought 3. One for all my Tvs. The Roku didn't have a guide menu and that was a big issue. It also works great with Netflixs. Picture quality is great, probably better than what I was getting with cable. Overall this is going to save me a lot of money and I am not missing any quality or channels.
More trendy than helpful, but I use it to control Wemo light.
For $50 this is a fine tablet, However I bought a 64gb SD card to expand the storage, however i have found that a majority of apps are not able to be saved to the external card , nor can they save data to it (for example Netflix). So be warned that you will run out of space and consider the one with the larger internal storage.
Bought for one of my granddaughters. It was easy for me to get setup and off she went. Kids are too smart these days.
Gift purchase for my son and family for Christmas.
I got this because it is almost impossible to break
Bought it for my cuz lil boy he likes it very much.
Setup was very simple. I can actually hide it behind TV and still use remote. I was surprised how fast it boots up. Makes my TV a smart TV that allows many more apps than the ones that come built in generally.
Got this for my father in law who loves to play games and read books, news.
I bought it for myself. Loved the price and it works pretty well for $39. Didn't break the bank at all, very happy with this purchase!
Good storage and camera for younger children. Could have better battery life.
I purchased this product because of family members and I'm so glad I did.
Great for controlling smart link devices and playing music that you want to hear. Great up to the minute news info.
My daughter absolutely loves her tablet. She's able to play all of her games and read books.
I like the Kindle fire, but is lacking on instruction. Hard to figure out how to use the features. Definitely need a stylus tool to use.
I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
Wait for to be on sale it's worth it definitely you will love it
Great purchase! We use the Echo for playing a lot of music. The sound quality is really sharp.
Easy to use and portable. Took on vacation and it was great to kkep up on emails and news.
I love it being able to just ask for a specific type of music and she usually can find it. The one thing I laugh about is if you speak certain words she thinks your talking to her lol
Amazon FireTV is a powerful little box. Worth the extra money over the Firestick. Great interface. Can connect your phone and type input. Alexa capability too.
Exactly as discribed. Love the product! I would recommend it!
The kindle was great but too small for my vision impaired mother, it was a gift,
Very smooth operating system and easy to use for Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, etc
This is my second Kindle. I think this product is good for all ages. It's durable!
My kids have the older model fire, smaller version. They can spend hours on it. This is bigger, better version with a larger screen size. Each child is getting a different color so they know whose is which.
Very convenient, easy to use, excellent quality. Love it!
This is my first E-reader and I couldn't be happier. It's the perfect size for me and I love the way I can adjust the brightness and the font.
I purchased the Kindle Fire as a replacement for my Nook Tablet. My hope was that it would be a reasonable replacement for what I essentially was primarily using as an E-reader. It has surpassed all of my expectations at a much more reasonable cost.
Daughter, 8 yrs old, was starting to go thru books quickly and graduating to 2-300 page books. With my Amazon Prime membership, you also get a large selection of books available for free download... saving big bucks. Device is light weight and has a long battery life. If you have an Amazon prime membership and a reader in the house, this devise is a no-brainer and will pay for itself.
Speakers give off Great Sound. And my kids love it.
This is a good tablet for what you pay for it. You can read books,play games and surf the web. The only thing I would have done differently is I would have bought one with more storage!
This has proven to be one of my most clever purchases ever. It suits my needs perfectly and it"s super easy to add new books that I want.
Great for using with smart devices. I now have 3 of them.
i love this product, it works great and for a great price
Very easy to use and download any size book you would like
The Echo is a machine that does what it says. The Speaker is similar to my $250 bluetooth speaker. The commands are easy and I find myself using Alexa many times a day. Much better responsiveness than Siri on my phone.
I love the ease of use, it better than the apple siri
Amazon Fire TV is real easy to setup and use......
My daughter absolutely loves her new fire, lots of space, easy to set up and lots of apps
The Kindle Voyager has a very easy to read screen with great resolution.
I was searching for kindle for gifting it to my bro. I got the best deal at bestbuy.
Love it. I can easily listen to music get answers to questions and shop all while I am cooking, cleaning...
I love this tablet,I use it for school readings ,for my philosophy class , my Mac book is to delicate to take to school,but my fire tablet is perfect !
Love the Fire - play games on it every day. It is small enough to carry with you but powerful enough to watch movies.
Purchased for the TV in another room after cutting the cord. It's better than my Fire Stick, as this one comes with voice search and is ready for 4K. Best Buy has it on sale at $85, do recommend.
Compact, light, and extremely easy on the eyes when reading.
im always using my amazon tablet...perfect for games!!!
I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k
this is one of my wifes favorite things , plays games , reads books ,
Love how light and battery life. Awesome!!! Would recommend anyone to buy this device.
I am enjoying Alexa/Echo. I mostly use it for listening to music and podcasts. I have begun using it for internet calls which are fun to use for hands free calling.
very easy to use I live my fire the best purchase I have made in months
Works really well only wish it had larger memory for streaming better on slower network
Overall I think the Heart S3 in an excellent product. I am still learning how to make the most of it. I need reading glasses to read so if your like me you may want to consider that.
I bought two and gave them to my nieces , they just enjoyed them the minute they were in their hands . Made them so happy !
Enjoy having the kindle. My son uses all the time for reading. It has helped him improve in his reading skills. We are glad we bought it. Thank you.
This is awesome! Welcome to the future. Love that it integrates with a ton of different things.
Great for an inexpensive tablet for around the house.
easy to use. nice sides and easy to read ,, also very easy to load
This is a great product I would highly recommend getting it
Saw the TV commercials for this product and then bought it as a gift for a friend who likes technology.
It had apps he can use now and that will grow with him, easy to navigate
This is my third kindle. I love the built in light. My first was bitten by my sister's dog (leather case) and my second wore out. I also like that I can use the Kindle app on any device and pick up where I left off.
So I was trying this out before giving it to my son and ended up playing the games for like an hour! Some of the games are amazing quality! Just like the cartoon shows, but more interactive. We bought 2 for my twins to use on an upcoming plane ride and can't wait to see their reactions! Love it!
4out of the 6kindles I purchased does not work. the date and time will not set properly therfore it is unable to connect to the wifi. contacted amazon, they acknowledged the problem but directed me back to best buy since they have a 30day back return policy on this product. Well I am unable to make it back into the store by the time the return policy is up.
These are great. This is my second Paperwhite and second charger. Thinking about a third, fourth...because while putting fiction on one and non-fiction on other have been thinking how great to have a Kindle dedicated just to recipes, another to health books etc would be marvelous
Obviously talking about a budget tablet here so you obviously get what you pay for as always BUT this is a really decent tablet for $35 bucks (what i paid on black friday). does all your basic 'tabby' things and is very mobile. Great for those kids who feel the need for a tablet but you dont wanna break the bank haha.
I bought this for my niece for her 9th birthday and she loves it! I would recommend it if you have kids
It is as amazing as I expected. Reading with a kindle is just reading a book!
The Firestick game me the experience I was looking for
My niece loves this tablet. It did not take her very long to learn the apps, how to download apps, visit wifi and etc. Thanks
With a new higher resolution display, Bookerly font, and long lasting battery, the Kindle Paperwhite is the best e-readr in the market today. Reads like real paper. The device capabilities are complemented by Kindle's vast e-book store.
It is a must for Christmas gift, excellent product and price.
Nice little tablet does what o want it to do will definitely buy again
We were already a prime member so no extra cost for service
Purchased the Fire Box a couple of months ago and it's a great addition to the theatre room for watching movies. Easy to use and good download speed.
I got it for my kid and she loves it. The amazon free time and prime well worth the money
Its a great item if your looking to cut down on cable tv evrything you are looking for
It began with one, now I have three. I need two more, but I think I will get dots. I want t try hooking it up to my Darth Vader Bluetooth helmet. That's going to be sweet. I wonder if I can rename this from Alexa to Darth? Get this, but realize you'll want many more.
Got it to gift to my friend. Absolutely loved it. Good value.
A friend recommended I buy one. He paid $50 for his. When I saw it on sale at Best Buy for $39 I snagged one, I wish I understood the features better. I mostly use it for reading before bed. It's my first time doing so on a Kindle. Was surprised to like it so much! I live in a small trailer. It is great to an electronic library.
switched from a Toshiba 50 to Sony 48 and the clarity is outstanding
Great purchase.. Bought for my two children. They love it
We purchased this as a gift and the feedback we have received has been great.
Got it home, was able to set it up in a few minutes.
If you're looking to install kodi this is an excellent buy. Fast processor easy to use and a good price.
Purchase this tablet during the Christmas sale. This tablet is a good tablet for a beginner. Easy to use and shows movies and videos very well.
Back lighting is great. Much better than the shining light you pull out. The light on our old kindle could not be dimmed at night. Lots of cool new features!
Gift for my wife. Great upgrade from the original kindle. The new features with built in lighting is great.
bigger screen than my iphone allots for easier viewing. So easy to use. I wouldn't go anywhere without my kindle!
No need to purchase a smart tv with this device. Wish it came with an hdmi but I pulled one off the unused x box system. I also purchased some velcro from a craft store to mount it to the back of the tv. It is very light, so no need to buy any kind in mounting kit for it.
There will be a learning curve when you take it out of the box. Once you learn the correct way to say a command, it is nice unit to use. And those jokes - they're groaners that will bring a smile to your face. Sleep timer is a nice feature. "Alexa" does not like it when you speak in a loud voice - you must talk to her in a normal voice.
this is a good one, easy to read and browsethis is a good one, easy to read and browse
Easy to use... I bought this tablet for my mother-in-law and she could use, without problems.
This is a great system and I really enjoy it. I would recommend this to a friend
This is my first electronic reading device. I was one of those people saying I like the paper book in my hands. However the convenience, especially when traveling, is an understatement.
Works good, easy to install and would definitely recommend
Purchased this to replace my original Kindle Fire (which still works but no longer updates and can't use newer apps). It's a great bargain. Perfect size for reading and browsing the web.
Alexa WRECKS Siri...faster, smarter, and understands complex questions. Picture it this way, who would you rather receive an answer from: A high-schooler or a pre-schooler. That's the difference. No, really. When Best Buy puts this on sale for $139 - grab one! Setup is cake, it's got phenomenal wi-fi reception and is really handy. New "Skills" - basically third-party plugins - add functionality to the Alexa products weekly. If you've owned an ultra-lame Fire device, don't be gun-shy, the Echo rocks. The only caveat is the speaker is just good. Not great. But good enough for room-filling sound. If you have you're own stereo system, consider the Dot.
Tried Voyage and Paperwhite. I like Paperwhite, why to spend more.
Hands down a great update to my first gen Kindle. Worthwhile!
Enjoying my Amazon Tap portable Bluetooth and Wi-F Speaker. It's everything I thought it would be an MORE!
I have been looking for an e-reader with backlight so that I could read under low light conditions. This Kindle has met my needs.
Duarable and very handy. Good start for beginners and can add the protective case for kids
I purchased this product for my 8 yo for his birthday and it has been perfect!
Product works as described. Product was also very easy to install and set up.
Great item for the price. Reliable and works great.
This gizmo is awesome for those who want the portability and cool things you can do with the Alexa world!
it is as good as it has been advertised like using a desktop!
my wife bought this for herself and loves it. has had it for two months
It is perfect as a secondary tablet for my son to take on the road.
I never thought it would be possible to get rid of my cable television services, but I did.
I really didn't know what to expect when I picked up an echo. I understood that it was a Wifi/Bluetooth enabled speaker that had Siri like capabilities but it really ended up being so much more. Truly you can hands free do everything from get basic info that you would normally look up on google to controlling your connected home to resupplying toilet paper through Amazon. Of course it has its novelty items like telling you jokes to singing you happy birthday. Truly this is the beginning of having an 'Iron Man' home. Just needs some fine tuning in its voice recognition and more features. Excited to see what Amazon adds to it in the future!
My grandson is enjoying his tablet. He uses it for games and communicating with me.
It is easy to set up, efficient in voice commands and entertaining.
Great price and works great for book reading. Would recommend
Bought this tablet for my nephew and he loved it ! Easy to set up and easy to use !
it's a great tablet for the money. I would buy another.
The best part of the kindle is a lot of the games are free.
Excellent screen to view movies and browse the net.
You get what you pay for. Definitely not an iPad but they work great for our kids
My daughter loves her PaperWhite. I like that it has nothing on it except books so that she can take it to school to read.
I purchased the Amazon Fire Tablet because I have had one for about 5 or 6 years. I wanted a tablet that was sturdy and would last because I purchased it for 2 of my grandchildren
I'm usually not a bookie kind of person. But reads occasionally. With paper white I got more chance and choice to read. So it helped me to improve my reading habit. A very good investment or gift for anyone of any age
It's not the best speaker I've ever had, but for the price of what you're getting, it's pretty fantastic. Easy to interact with and lots of capabilities that are always expanding every week.
I like the overall performance, especially the remote. User interface can be better/improvement needed ... purchase of apps is automatic and need additional layers of checks/authentication
Works like a charm. I really enjoy how I can ask anything and it will respond.
The Kindle Paperwhite is easy to use and great for reading outdoors.
I already own an echo dot but don't love the sound quality for music playback - the tab does a great job especially when you consider its size and price - overall very happy
I love the kindle and have had one in one shape or another since they first came out, but I just could not take how slow this model was. I returned it and purchased a Samsung tablet.
Nothing but problems after a month. Luckily I could take it back and get a credit for the kindle to put towards an ipad. It started off working fine then after a month it started losing internet connection randomly (while the old ipad had no problems). Then it stopped charging, never got past 1%. Tried different outlets, different android chargers. Nothing. Worthless
The set up and installation were easy to do. The quality of the products is great.
my son loves it and is easy to use and has parental controls so he can't buy stuff without permission
This tablet is very easy to read and holds a charge for a very lengthy period of time.
These are perfect for my grandchildren, ages 11 (boy), 8 (girl), 7 (autistic girl) and 3 (boy). They have everything they need to entertain themselves all in one place, especially with my Amazon Prime membership.
have purchased 4-5 tablets in my life, always Samsung or Apple, my first experience with an Amazon tablet, very happy with my purchase
Hi Everyone, Alexa is the best of the best. I feel like she knows me more and more each week. She is a STRONG speaker for my love of music. She knows like everything ever. I ask her crazy facts and she always responds with something. She does struggle a little with recent events. But that will get better with time. She is my home personal assistant and assists with managing my calendar. In a word. AWESOME!
Decent product that has great value. Definitely buy again for a gift
We were curious about the Echo for a while, but not entirely sure how it was supposed to complement the household. Now, we know! In ways that didn't even dawn on us initially, Echo and "Alexis" have become a steadfast companion and assistant at the house. I'd highly recommend it!
Tap is a portable Amazon Echo with speakers. Great for carrying to basement or upstairs. Works like echo but not voice activated, you must "tap" it before talking.
This is a very cool toy! Honestly the only main reason I actually pulled the trigger is smart light bulbs. I bought philips Hue bulbs and they all work flawlessly. Alexa will fail maybe 1 in 30 times. if that. Coolest thing is- I use a couple of the basic skills like timer and weather, and alarm, but they are constantly releasing new skills and improving the overall experience. So ...it's already good...and only going to improve with each update
Easy to set up. Lots of great apps to pick from to expand its usefulness. Great selection of music.
Got this one for black friday, no complains at all, the price its great, and the tablet its worth it, now i connect my fire stick easily
It works perfectly and I like it . I might get another one for Christmas gift
Good purchase for a 10 year old to encourage reading.
Great gift idea and easy to install and use - would highly recommend!
It's a great product. I recommended to everyone. :-)
Using Alexa for mostly music but also for weather, tides and research. Love not having to make up my own playlist. I can just ask her to play a musician I think of any given day. Very spontaneous!
The screen is sharp and response is good. Set up is easy
The Amazon Fire Tablet does everything that I need it to do and for the fraction of the price of other tablets on the market. Screen size and weight are both great.
For the price this is an excellent tablet. I have a high end laptop that does convert to tablet but at almost 16" and the foldover design I normally just use it in laptop mode. I also have a high end "phablet" sized phone. So I was not sure how often I'd use a tablet, and did not want to spend 500ish on an ipad. The Fire has been a great "in between" so far on days I use my phone alot and want to avoid charging more than once per day, and don't have the need to use my laptop. The speed is zippy & the screen clarity/quality is good enough. Storage is even better than ipads since it is expandable (for now I use a 64 gb card giving me a total of 96 gb, but the expandable can go up to 200 gb). Tying into Amazon is nice since I have Amazon Prime). Basic web surfing, email & facebook work great. The only "bad" feature is the camera & video quality. But that does not matter to me since I have my high quality camera & video recorder on my phone. Only other slight negative is light bleed noticed just when booting up on grey screen. Color/brightness uniformity is perfect to my eyes once it is up & running. Really enjoying the kindle component for book & magazine reading as well. Overall, probably the best $100 I have spent in a long time.
This box let's anyone watch TV shows and movies. If you have amazon prime movies are free. Love it.
got this a gift for a friend, she loved it and the things she can do with it.
Simply does everything I need. Thank youAnd silk works wonders
I wasn't aware of all the apps that needed a premium membership for playing music. That was a disappointment, but other than that I enjoy the product.
I love the Kindle Paperwhite. I have a Kindle reader without paperwhite and love it. A friend has the paperwhite and recommended it. I purchased it before a trip to the beach and love it. I could read my other Kindle in the sun but not in low light. The paperwhite is great in both situations. I would highly recommend this product.
I got this tablet for my daughter and it does everything that's she needs it for. It runs all the apps she has downloaded and not much lag when opening the apps.
As with all kindle items, you can't go wrong. Very pleased with the backlighting. Makes it easier to read in low lighting.
I purchased the tablet for my Christmas Angel. He loved the tablet and case.
Overall I am satisfied with the tablet. Nice looking screen and decent sounding speakers. Loads of content kids and adults. Nice device!
Perfect item for my grand-kids and the price was especially just what I needed.
Purchased this as a gift for outdoor reading in the sun etc. It works quite well and was proved reasonably.
Excellent product. I would definitely purchase again.
works great , and its a lot faster then my smart tv to access programs
Great beginner tablet. Used for my kid to view videos.
Nice tablet for my eight year old son. Very light and easy to set up.
Really enjoys it and all the different options you can use it for!
Wish Amazon didn't have the ad screen at start up. Makes it confusing for children.Price is great.
My firebox is connected with my verizon internet and plays excellent movies.
bought the amazon fire to watch PlayStation vueso far so good
This particular Kindle Fire is simply great for the price. I use it basically for reading ebooks and web news, emails, and streaming movies, as well as playing a few electronic games. It is so compact and lightweight that I can take it with me pretty much everywhere. I don't really use the camera feature since I have a much better, professional grade camera.
i bought these for my little girls, i think they don't need anymore, i bought extra sd card and they are so happy
Purchased as a gift. It was a good choice. It is as advertised,
Upon purchasing this I couldn't imagine what I was missing. It has been a great upgrade to my home. It has really brought my home closer to the new age
My Kindle fire hd stopped working and I replaced with this. Works well, the picture isn't as clear as the hd, but for the cheap price it is fine
bought for a 10 year old granddaughter but our 32 year old daughter loves hers also
would get another, works great, having fun with all the options
Mom has a Kindle she loves. She was using an old Samsung Tab2 of mine that finally died. I got the Fire tablet so she could have the best of both worlds. She LOVES it!
Bought these for my sons and they love them. Lots of cool features.
Price was good. Great for reading. Needs more apps.
Difficult to get set up and logged in. This product was a gift to an elderly person and she had difficulty logging in. Had to go to Best Buy for assistance. Kept repeating log in was already being used. I have purchased 4 kindle fire tabletsas gifts and everyone seems to be enjoying them. Two were for kids, they enjoy downloading games.
I bought more than 4 of these for our kids and they were worth it!
Easy setup. I will buy the second one for my bed room
My daughter is 1 and doesn't pay much attention to it because she'd rather have my phone. However, as a parent I'd rather have her play with the tablet because it has many free learning game apps.
Easy setup and fast for the money. No problem with it.
but it is missing some of the Google apps. I have not sideloaded those yet. The display is acceptable. If you have Amazon Prime, it does have a nice interface for using it.
I purchased this as a gift but have had extensive time with it. It's a great budget tablet, phenomenal screen and a very smooth interface. Handles all apps and HD content well.
The Fire TV box works great. We were looking for a device that streams DirecTV Now and this device was significantly less than a competing device that offered the service. We liked the first one so much we bought a second one.
I bought this tablet for my daughter who was turning 2 - but also because we were taking an 8 hour road trip and wanted her to be occupied. The games are very toddler user friendly and when she gets mad and throws it, it doesn't effect the tablet. My only issue is that the charger doesn't stay secure in the charger spot (sorry I don't know the technical terms haha) so sometimes I will think it is charging and in fact it is not. I recommend buying the warranty for issues like that.
This is better then the fire stick much faster streaming less lag
This is pretty good. A little expensive but work fine.
i love the music offered through amazon . say the song and she plays it for you. say good morning and she gives you history of the day.
For the price even without the Black Friday price of $35 this is a solid tablet. The new UI for Amazon tablets is much better and it runs smooth. Apps are butter and there is no lag in navigation of the home screen or between apps. I bought this for my little sisters ages 5 & 7 and my parents love the parental controls limiting play time on the tablet. The full experience comes only if you have Amazon prime which is also highly recommended
I bought this as a starter tablet for my 8 year old daughter. We first bought one just for kids, but the parental controls didn't work right. So I just set up a password on the Kindle for anytime it's in use. With moderate supervision, it worked out great. She uses it mainly for reading, watching Netflix, and playing games.
I love the tablet everything works perfect for my boy
Works great! Super fast and does everything one would want.
We bought this to replace a Roku 3 that had died. This is an excellent streaming device! It has roughly the same specs as a Roku 4 but is much less expensive. I definitely recommend this!
This is one of the best purchases I have ever made pay the little extra and get the fire tv
Really enjoying using my Amazon Fire very easy to use so many different features and apps the graphics and the color on this tablet are so vivid and alive I bought this tablet on sale not really knowing nothing about Amazon Fire but I'm glad that I did!!!
PURCHASED THIS WITH A STORE CREDIT AND LIKE IT A LOT. COMPARES WELL WITH MORE EXPENSIVE TABLETS..RECOMMENDED
I really love my kindle fire, it is awesome! And I love that I could order it in blue. I love to read and play word games on it
Small and cheap gift for my nieces who like to listen to bible stories
Easy to use for daily usage . Small and can be hold using one hand . Very good option for kid .
We already have an echo dot and pleased with it.Bought this on sale at Best Buy because we want a little better speaker which this model offers. Very pleased with sound and easy of adding it to my system
These were ordered one for 4 year old and then ordered second one for 2 year old. They are easy to use and age appropriate apps for each of them.
I love it!! I would buy this again! Not enuf space
Reliable with great memory and storage. Excellent battery life. Would recommend to young and old.
Grandson is enjoying the new games on it. It's much bigger than his ipod.
We own an ipad,samsug tablets and we have both love are fire8's wave better.
highly recommend. we have both the google device and this one. both sre great. Alexa is mire versatile. Kids love it too.
My wife and I love our kindles because they're great out in the sun on cruises, at the beach or when sitting on the couch.
I have been watching the reviews online and checking with friends that have purchased the Echo to see how much they liked or disliked its features. Last person I talked to went on and on about all the things there were using it for and that persuaded me it was time and Best Buy had them on sale so it was the perfect opportunity to go for it. Amazon did a fantastic job of creating this tubular command center! There are so many cool and awesome things its able to do that I'll hit the highlights that work for our household. First, we love that it follows your voice in the room (the circle lighting will show which direction it is 'listening'), the speaker is wonderfully balanced, so whether listening to music, the news or to Alexa speaking, I have nothing but high marks for its sound quality, given its size. Next, set up (after downloading the app to our iPhones) was quick, easy and very intuitive. The more you look over the app, the more you will realize a world of 'skills' (as Amazon refers to them - we've nicked named them "echolettes" LOL) that the unit is able to perform once they are turned on and you master the right sequence of keywords to initialize them. We've added things to shopping lists, while asking about the weather and our calendar of events
The fire tv has exceeded my expectations. I use it all the time. The increased specs make it hands down worth the extra investment over the fire stick.
Very satisfied with my purchase. Would recommend it to friends and family.
Now I know amazon prices their tablets at their manufacturing price (ie. The price it costs them to make it). They do this because they hope to make more profit off of purchases made on the device then they would having it be a competitive tablet on the market. Other tablets may have better specs but I bought this as a second 'around the house' tablet. And it does its job very well. Picture quality is more than enjoyable, the screen is bright, colors are vibrant, there's a built in blue light filter for nightime viewing (I love this feature because most apps for this are buggy or have adds). The expandable storage is very desirable especially if you like to download ebooks or lots of media. Amazon's app store has an 'underground' feature so a lot of paid apps in the Google or samsung stores are free to download here. They have free cloud storage connected to your amazon account so if your space is low you can free up space without loosing items. This also means if you want to transfer items between devices it's no probbem at all. They have a reading library that gives you access to many popular titles for a monthly fee or the bookstore itself has many free or very affordable books aswell with no monthly fee. This device can "mirror" a different kindle tablet so if you are replacing an old tablet it you can easily load all settings and apps onto your new one. Also, over the years amazon has been doing free updates for devices to make them run the current os. This is a nice feature when it comes to always having the newest technology, but from what I can tell it is not optional. My old tablet ran with the black carousel type os but was automatically updated overnight to the current (more visually pleasing) os. It did give me many notices stating when the update would happen and added that it would only work if the device was connected to wifi. It may be something to keep in mind if this bothers you. Overall I like this tablet very much and it is a bargin for what you're getting.
I was pleasantly surprised to see the Kindle for sale IN the store!! I love my Kindle, especially since I was able to expand the memory! I love that it's portable, to be honest, when given the choice, I find my self on my Kindle over my laptop.The only thing I can complain about, is why in the world Amazon choose s to make it nearly a miracle to find a case for its most popular model?????If you don't have a Kindle, you don't know what your missing!!
Great gift idea and reasonably priced. Love the alexa feature
Highly recommended, only flaw is it needs more data to draw from.
This Samsung watch is just what the doctor ordered. I can see who's calling,texting,e-mailing all while watching my health at the same time ! Great product
I LOVE my echo! You can do so much with it. I check the weather every morning, play music on command and my daughter was using it to practice her Italian. Just bought both the kids the echo dots for their birthdays. Everything connects!
I have bought four of these now. Great gifts and great for kids.
Features are as described. Looks nice and a great item for executive gifts.
DO not waste your time with the fire stick. Get the box, better remote and faster processor. Does its job and great for Kodi.
This kindle is lightweight and a great travel, break and extra free time companion. You can read it anywhere. Love it!
Bought the Fire as a way to have a cheap and easy device for my kid to play on when I want/need the iPad, and as a secondary e-reader. I have Amazon Prime, so adding this device to my account/Amazon ecosystem was incredibly easy. I find the ease of purchasing Amazon items both slick and kind of creepy--but I knew that was part of the deal, buying an Amazon device. I can tune it out when I need to, and parental controls are easy to manage. The device is quick/responsive; color, brightness, and resolution are all quite good for a $50 device. It doesn't do everything but it does a heck of a lot for 50 bucks.
Perfect gift for my nephew. He is 10 and loves to play games and his mom loves the parental control feature.
I own the Apple TV and I wanted to try out the Fire TV and am glad I did.
Bought this after talking to a Best Buy employee & advising I had to return the Lenovo Idea Pad due to freezing up - he suggested I get the Kindle Fire - not too heavy to travel with & can do just about everything I need it to. I was so happy with it when it was on sale last week got one for my daughter & one for my boyfriend!
I love that I can play all my Pandora stations with just one command! Sound quality is excellent, she'll change the volume with a simple request. She hasn't been so quick to answer all my questions, but I may not be asking correctly. Makes phone calls from my iPhone. Really fun.
There shouldn't be much to go wrong with an AC Adaptor, and this one is no exception.
Bought this tablet for our 2 year old. She loves to watch videos of nursery rhymes and Bubble Guppies. I can finally get some housework done without interruption. So user friendly, even a 2 year old can figure it out!
We got 2 kindle fires for our girls and we love them :) great purchase.
I Bought This For My Five Year Sister. It's Easy To Use & She Loves It. She Had A Nabi Before But The Charger Port Wasn't Suited For A Young Child It Was Easy To Break. This Tablet Is Ten Times Better All Around.
It's okay. When hooked up to my tv wirelessly, there seems to be a lot of lag. Seems to work better hard wired.
Good entry level reader that is easy to use. The resolution is great for that page turning novel. Has lots of other bonuses too.
Compact, long battery, able to read in any light level.
Product is easy to use would recommend to anyone looking to automate there home
Hey we bought this for our 2 year old grandson and he loves it. Very easy to use and very durable!
We purchased the Kindle Fire as a Christmas gift forfpor Son in law and really not sure what he thinks about it since he has not said anything except thank you when he opened it on Christmas morning. Sorry.
I am very satisfied with this product. It performs extremely well in all areas of its operation.
I love using this as a speaker for my MacBook. I keep it in my office and use it daily!
Buy it!! I can whisper from across the room and it understands perfectly. The speaker is great too!
Picked this up for only $35 during BF sale. Functions smoothly and I can't find any other knock off tablets in this price range that is as smooth. Bought this for my 7 yr old to play games, stream media and such. It gives me relief that I won't be losing hundreds of dollars if she breaks it. It is cheap enough to replace if it happens.
Very easy to set up. Bought it so I could get Directv Now. Wired and wireless connections were used. Now I can watch tv, Netflix, Youtube, all with the same device.
Fun to use! Must download apps to be able to respond properly to request. Example, translation and music. I love that you can listen to music and news.
I did not want to get a new kindle but my old one would not charge or show a charge anymore. I could not depend on it for any length of time so I finally broke down and bought a new one. I am very happy with this one. I was afraid I would lose my music and photos since not all came from the Amazon store. However, everything I had on the old kindle transferred to the new one. I am still learning all about it but so far so good.
How can you not love it? It provides convenience. It works great to borrow books from the public library. Just imagine all the savings on hardbound books.
Easy setup. Compact. For reading, I still prefer my basic Kindle Reader, but the apps are nice to have when I want to do some extra things on the Fire.
IMPORTANT UPDATE (3/8/17): As you read my original review, please be aware that Amazon announced in early February (2017) a new firmware update that allows Amazon Tap owners to enable a hands-free option! By going into Settings in the Alexa app, you can now choose the hands-free option and have your Tap respond to voice commands without touching it, just like the Echo and Echo Dot! This is a fabulous development and something Tap owners have been hoping for. Thank you, Amazon!Since the lack of hands-free operation was the one major shortcoming of the Tap, this wonderful little device has now gotten a whole lot better. One thing to keep in mind, though, especially if you use your Tap on battery power: The hands-free mode will drain the battery more quickly, because it requires the microphone to be on at all times. But since you can easily toggle between hands-free or regular tap mode using the Alexa app, you can pick and choose how you want to use your Tap for maximum battery life and convenience.-------------------------I admit that I was a little skeptical when Amazon first introduced its Echo device. But I decided to buy one anyway, thinking that if I didn't like it I could easily sell it. After all, back in the early days of the Echo it was in very high demand. So the financial risk associated with trying it was minimal. Today, as an avid music listener who loves to cook, I'm thrilled that I decided to give the Echo a try.I had wanted a device that I could stream music with in the kitchen, and the Echos hands-free voice control made it very appealing. But how would it sound That question was quickly answered as soon as I set up and started using my Echo.Read more
With the 64G micro card I was able to load lot of my music. Use it in my truck with a Braven HD Bluetooth speaker.
New Kindle Voyage is a nice upgrade from the basic model. Smaller e reader with a brighter light. So far so good.
So much better than reading on an iPad, completely worth it. I guess my only complaint is the operating system still seems a little weak in terms of responsiveness and fluidity but doesn't really impact regular usage of just page turning, only felt while browsing the library/store etc.
My daughter always want one, she got this one, she love it.
I purchased this item for my daughter and she loves it. Easy to use, beautiful picture, and a great price.
Love this product.It'sgreat for downloading and reading books on the go.
Spend the extra money on this vs just a fire stick
It's easy to use. Compact enough to easily fit into my purse. Love carrying it with me wherever I go to read when I get some down-time.
easy to use, has alot if features to entertain urself and ur family
I bought this for my niece for a Christmas gift.she is 9 years old and she love it.
Alexa is fun to use and the speaker is plenty loud for my bedroom. Haven't installed anything for home animation yet.
Get one!! She gets smarter every day.. I've had echo for a few months and love it
Amazon has the right idea with building an affordable yet quality tablet that provides wonderful access to Prime content.
I was a ook user and have been converted to kindle. The size is great and it is very responsive. Got one for me and one as a gift.
I had a 1st gen Fire and enjoyed it but this one is a lot more fun. Love the dual cameras, the more user friendly interface and the ability to add apps from google play, so my apps are in sync with the apps on my phone. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a versatile tablet.
It's very nice and compact. Perfect for kids 10 and under.
Having this beats paying the high cable and satellite prices.
I wanted something to access Netflix on my older TV and this is a great easy fast device, but it so much more. I have an Amazon account and can also access my video library and on demand titles. There is also other TV apps and channels available also, if they add a couple more channels I would consider canceling my cable.
Great tablet for all your day to day needs at a fraction of the cost of other brands
Before I bought this I had a blue tooth speaker and an iPod touch. Both of which had to be charged and turned on etc. now I just tell Alexa to play music.
My kids like it, and the application is amazing.I recommend it for all kids
My kids love it they watch their programs when they want and also we don t have to miss any programs also we can watch them when ever we have time, best purchase I have brought.
Purchased this for my mother-in-law who wanted a basic tablet for FaceTime, viber, email etc. and it has been perfect for her so far. Camera is decent too and you really cannot go wrong for this price.
Believe it or not, I purchased this for my 3 year old Grandson, and he is doing real fine with it.
I was very satisfied with this tablet. It was priced really cheaply but it is a decent little tablet.
Echo is love. Echo is life. And I have to write 50
my son loves it, is on it all the time, loves all the games. always trying to download all things all the time.
Pretty slow if you're trying to use it as a full-time tablet. Good as an eReader and sometimes game and Internet usage.
Echo was easy to set up. Speaker is not as good as the Google Home. Both the Nest thermostat and the Inseon hub seem to be working okay with the Echo.3 stars because I have not used all the functions yet.
Whole family is enjoying it! Kids and we are both able to use and user friendly.
I bought the Amazon Fire with realistic expectations. I have an iPhone SE (outstanding phone), so the intention was to be able to play some free games, view Facebook/etc on a slightly larger screen, some light web browsing, and maybe read an electronic book here and there. It has served this purpose with excellence so far. Not the fastest tablet you'll ever find I'm sure, but no slowpoke either. And I would venture to say you will be hard-pressed to find a better value for any piece of electronics at $50. Highly recommended.
Not only do we love the echo the kids can't get enough of the games offered!!
can't say enough about this works awesome great price
Bought this as a family Christmas present but was concerned that we would not really use it. Boy was I wrong. I request music on it all the time, check the weather, confirm my calendar and the kids are constantly asking it questions. Well worth the money!
The Kindle Voyage is the best e-reader experience available. Text is super-sharp, it's comfortable to hold, the built-in self-adjusting light is awesome, and you change the page by either swiping with your finger or pushing down on the bezel. Unfortunately, all those great features come at a $199 price that is $80 more than Amazon's Kindle Paperwhite and more than double the cost of the company's entry level reader, both of which are excellent in their own right. So five stars for the device itself and minus one star for the high price.
My teenager loves this and uses it daily. We've also took it places with us and the sound is great.
The Echo offers many selection in music and local weather status. This device also provides current news reports and connects to my Amazon Audible account so it will continue reading a book to me that I had already started.
Got it on sale for $34.99 so I can say I got more than my moneys worth so far so good.
I dumped cable after using streaming and Playstation Vue. I have one Fire TV in my bedroom and loved it so I bought a Fire Stick for downstairs. The Fire Stick was slow by comparison, so I upgraded and have no issues with the Fire TV. The Fire TV is worth the extra money. The variety of services offered and the speed pays off if you have a good connection. I do not have 4K, but I can only assume it will be a quality stream when I do.
I can play all my games that I play on Facebook and much more.
Works well. Works just like the fire stick but better because you can plug a Ethernet cable for a better connection
Since I bought my Echo I have bought 3 others as gifts and at least 10 other people that I showed mine to went and bought one as well.This is a real look into the future of information and control
I've owned an Apple TV, Chromecast, and now this. This is my favorite of the 3 because of the highest quality of streaming. The one downside is that it is not compatible with my echo dot.
Pretty happy with the Fire over the Firestick. Really enjoying the 4K streams.
I own a firestick, so I decided to invest in a Amazon Fire TV box. It streams my movies really well and the picture quality is great. I really love my Fire TV box and I am recommending the Fire TV box to my family and friends. I do not regret this purchase.
For the longest time I had been using a Kindle Keyboard which was good for its time until the 3rd gen. Paperwhite came along. The decision was a no brainer especially with the 300 dpi lighted screen and at the same reasonable price. I've gotten used to using the touch screen compared to the physical turn page buttons although every now and then the screen should be wiped to remove oils from our skin that accumulate. There is always something for everyone in the Kindle store
The Amazon tap I like other then I wish you could just say her name and she would respond. Sounds great when playing music
This tablet is excellent considering the price. It has a very clear display, is a fairly large tablet, and has plenty of memory to store a lot of apps, music, pictures and more. Considering the price, this tablet has the best value out of all tablets to date in my opinion.
Amazon TV Box has got to be best bang for the buck. No other devices can match performance and price this offers. Great for gaming, movies, shows, and overall android platform.
I've bought 4 of these items on different occasions as gift's. Everyone I bought it for LOVED it. Thinking of getting one for myself
This tablet is less than $50 and is an outstanding little tablet. The only negative I could bring up about it is that it is geared towards selling you stuff from Amazon. It does books, web surfing, and apps quite well though. It is well worth the money and putting up with the advertising.
Did not think I would like this product. I now own two!
This product does far more than we expecxted. We use it fore the news, weather and music
Great for road trips and bright enough to read with by the pool.
Best FireTV yet. Shows 4k and 1080p content well. Amazon Prime members get extra benefits.
My husband bought a Paperwhite for himself a few months ago but at the time I turned down his offer to buy one for me as well thinking I would continue to read on my tablet. However when we spent time reading and relaxing in the yard I became jealous that he could read his scree so easily while I struggled to see mine at all. In the end I caved and let him buy one for me as well and I love it. It's neat and small and light weight and easy to hold and the battery lasts more than a week.
I have 2 of these; 1 Echo for the office, 1 Echo for home. Use them all the time, especially now with Amazon Music Unlimited.
This is one of the coolest new inventions around. It is very innovative and works great. It's really neat asking Alexa to play different songs and telling it you are bored.
What a great product for the $. It does exactly what it needs to and then some.
The only reason I chose 1 star is because of size. The length is disproportionate to the width. Awkward when holding it.
great Kindle. Very easy to use and download books and read
This is the 3rd Kindle Fire that I have purchased. This one is much faster and more user friendly. We just bought our 2 grand daughters and 2 grandsons a Kindle Fire with the youngest 8 yrs old. He has it mastered already. Great tablet for a good price.
This was a replacement for a poorly functioning new purchase of a Kindle 7. Seems to be working fine, but some games loading from Amazon have issues.
Great for playing all types of music, checking the weather, asking questions for things you're looking for, play games and so much more. Love Alexa. Can't wait to learn all the other things she can do that I haven't learned about yet. I would surely recommend it to anyone. You can also use it to run various things in your home.
This Kindle makes for a great beginner tablet for a teenager. The only complaint is that it is a little laggy but great for the price.
The Amazon - Fire TV worked great our needs. It has all the features we liked.
The Amazon Echo is a well-designed, well-built product. Within a defined set of parameters, it works pretty well and can be integrated with a number of home automation products to make it more useful. In practice though, it's vocabulary is limited and its 'AI' is pretty dumb, so don't expect too much.
This has been a very nice addition, it allows the whole family to use and enjoy it.
Bought this for my mom who is 93 and her other Fire deceased. It was very easy for me to set up for her and transfer over her account information. She has really enjoyed using it and has even started using some new apps. Due to her age and my not living closer, it would be nice to be able to have a print copy of how to do things. Otherwise it is surprisingly easy for her to use.
This is all you will ever need this box is fast has a usb slot so you can add space and you can use the wifi or pluge internet directly into it. This is a top end box doesnt buffer
Great for reading, not great for playing games needs more storage.
just bought. seems to be working great so far. not sure how long it will last.
It's nice but there are too many specific lines to remember to get her to talk to you. Also your family gmail calendar does NOT connect if on iCloud with iPhones so she will not know your families calendar. Needs updates and she should be able to answer you by a question and not a specific way you must say things with the skills
Purchased as Christmas gift for grandchild who loves both music and gadgets
Easy installation and easy to use. I use it for timers, music, weather, information and am anxious to try using more features in the near future as I have had it only about 3 weeks. I can't imagine not having it anymore.
I have been a Kindle Fire user for years. This new one is amazing. I like being able to store information on a SD card.
I love the echo. I can get news weather and even a joke.
Bright screen, lightweight, great price, I love it!
Can't beat the price on this tablet! Great for streaming or casual games.
My wife loves this kindle big upgrade over her 3rd gen. Works just as well as a tablet as an ereader
Paperwhite is everything I had hoped for. Easy to use and perfect screen clarity, regardless of lighting conditions.
It's not the fastest tablet, but it's fine for what I use it for. Camera is not that great.
Very easy to setup up and can be used to automate home using smart skills. I use to control hue lighting and nest products. Only complaint is she is not as smart as they say. Constant updates are making her better but lacking a lot of information when asked. Emails are sent with update info. 90 percent on voice commands. Wish it came with optional remote for when you are out of range of voice
Great tool to have when you need a quick answer for a lot
I have purchased a few of these items they are perfect for getting rid of tv
This is just as good for many of the everyday type stuff as the ipad but at a fraction of the price. The only thing that I would change is making the volume louder.
Great product built structurally solid no issue and purchased 2.
I bought it as a replacement for a broken tablet. There are several apps I'd like to add to it that are not available, and it won't update the Facebook app so I wind up using my phone for many things that I used to do on my tablet. If it wasn't a good e reader, it would be worthless, but I do read on it a lot, so I'm keeping it but I would still like a new tablet - which is disappointing.
I've had my Echo for a few months. Set up was easy. The voice recognition has been excellent. Alexa hears and responds to all of my requests, as well as the TV occasionally! I love its capability to connect to other speakers via BLUETOOTH. And it is a lot of fun for the family and parties!
My original Kindle was no longer working. It was 6 years old and had been used a lot. . I especially like the smaller size of my new Kindle and the backlight.
I love being able to read on the tablet and not have to use the battery on my telephone.
The product is good and easy to operate. I guarantee that you won't regret buying it.
My 4 year old loves it. The amazon free time is great a lot of apps free for a small yearly fee.
It's amazing what it can do for the family. A lot of fun
Works better than the 7" Amazon Fire tablet I have. Better screen, faster processor and bigger to boot.
This is my second kindle. It is definitely a significant upgrade. It has great resolution and the non glare for use outside it great . The smaller size is much better.
I purchased this for my fiancé. She reads books with it,surfs the web, and watches Netflix on it. Very easy set up and easy to use. It also comes in different colors.
Easy to use. Great price. Easy to setup. Small size
A gift to my 2 year old granddaughter. It came preloaded with child programs. She quickly learned how to access the programs. Parents now have their iPad back...very well protected for tosses and drops
Its a great tablet for the basics that my grandson uses. He finds many hours of entertainment with it by playing games and looking up general info on line.
I thought the Firestick was the way to go but the lack of buffering from the tv box is all i need to watch everything with no worry of it stopping or cutting off, if you don't have one you need to get one asap!!!!
Wonderful tablet for the kids. It comes in nice colors and has so many nice features.
It is great and even has an app to use ur phone as the remote if u lose the remote behind the couch or bed.
I'm glad that I did purchase this Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - Black.It is really easy to use.
I purchased two Fires that were on sale. The quality, speed and display can't be beat for less than $50 by any other company. And having the ability to expand it's capacity with a Micro usb card is definitley a plus.
My son really loves his new tablet. This is agreat starter tablet for my 5 year old.
Bought as a gift for my Mom. She's so happy. Therefore, I'm happy
Great product for our little ones. They both recieved this for Christmas and love it.
These things are the perfect box for streaming shows, with a voice activating remote.
I have only had it for a few weeks, so still have a lot of things to learn, but it was incredibly simple to set up and figure out how to use. It's pretty addictive too.
I got this for my 7 year old daughter. Serves its purpose. It's easy to use and for the price you can't get anything better.
The Kindle paperwight is a great lightweight alternative to my usual 10 inch e-reader tablet for travel and reading outside.
Very simpl to use, compact, versatile and easy to carry
setup and ran this box within 10 minutes, very portable, and works just great
I was a bit worried that I wouldn't like the tablet. I had watched the prices go up and down on Amazon. I wish I had bought one when they were $29.99. I also read all of the reviews and watched video reviews. I had a trip coming up that I didn't want to take my laptop on and took the plunge. I was glad that I did. I was able to watch Netflix, Hulu, HBO Go (HBO Now) and YouTube with no problems. It is a great tablet for the price. I also have some books loaded to read later. I have been using my Kindle touch for that. If you do buy this tablet I would suggest getting a memory card.
Serves the purpose of what it was purchased for even bought the 16 gb one as well!
They run way faster then the sticks but I have both
I start out with one tablet and love it so much, end up bought 3 more. The tablet is very nice for kids.
It is easy to set up and use. It was surprising how well it could answer some random questions. I did make the mistake of telling my grandchildren, ages 3-8, how to use it. When they visit we hear Alexa answer "how much does the earth weight" dozens of times and have to listen to "Kidsbop" music. (That's right, we have no control over them.)
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old granddaughters birthday and she loves it. Works well and it is easy for her to operate.
I purchased this item solely for the purpose of listening to music / recreational games for my young child I love the fact that I found it in Orange! & overall it's a good tablet for minut activities.
Tablet works just like any other tablet. Very easy to use, does not freeze up, and battery lasts long
This Kindle is great and easy for me to Read books that I wanted to do a long time
Could never get into reading from a tablet like the iPad or even the Amazon kindle fire. It just didn't feel right. This device makes it feel as if you're reading actual paper print. It's amazing. I highly recommend it if your an avid reader.
My organization was tasked to give gifts to needy children. So we figured these would be great gifts for the older children since they rarely get gift that they could use.
My wife and I really enjoy the Echo. We use it to stream music and the daily news feed as well as turn on some lights. The sound is very good and fills the room(s) we have it in and near.
I feel that Alexa does not know a lot of information. It gets very frustrating.
Small, portable, light and fun to use. It charged fast
Wonderful price and service at Best Buy would tell friends about it
Amazon Fire Tablet is cool. Very useful, especially for my son playing games, downloading free games and ebooks.
I was replacing a first generation kindle. I love the slim size and the improved access to the internet, amazon underground and my library. The ads do not bother me once I open my kindle
You can't beat the price...Picked this one up for only $60 from Best Buy..I like the additional control parents have with kindles. It's great when you want to limit your kid's time on youtube, games etc. I would certainly recommend this to a friend..
This product requires significantly less buffering than the fire stick.For sure would recommend over the Fire Stick if you are planning on using this for streaming, especially for movies or live TV.This product also incorporates Alexa so you can control your smart home from the comfort of your couch.
Have connected it to my "smart" home and now am able to manage lights, security and temperatures with my voice or smart phone. Mine is in kitchen and it makes a wonderful device to time cooking and baking. And it plays my music.
It doesn't get five stars because there is an issue with the plug in for the charger. It won't plug in all the way it stays loose and comes out. Other than that it's just with my grandson want it he loves it!
i can allow kids what i want them to read or play with
I bought the Echo for my bedroom, but moved it more central to the house so that I could use it more. It's super convenient to be able to just say something out loud and have her take note of what you need. From playing Alt Nation on Sirius XM to setting a timer to needing the weather at a vacation destination, Alexa always has the answer. My only complaint is that when I have music playing loudly, Alexa does not respond to turning off, but it's such a minor issue. The music quality is unreal from such a small unit! I'm definitely buying more for around the house.
Bought this for my 9 year old Godson and he loves it. He would play it for hours on end if his parents would let him. He mostly plays games on it but he also uses it to watch videos and read books.
The Fire works better than I expected. For a $50 tablet, I have to imagine it's the best on the market. Good battery life, fast response and loading times, nice display. The only problem I've had so far is that I have to restart it if I let it sit for over an hour before it will handle a wifi signal.
Kids load them with moves and used them for long car rides
great fun and great tool. Electronics are sometimes confusing, but not Alexia.
Amazon has created a great, smooth, intuitive and responsive interface. It works and works well.
Nice device. Wish it was a little bigger. Easy to use and read ebooks.
I LOVE THE AMAZON TV, THEY SHOULD CALL IT THE AMAZING TV BOX!!!
This things is amazing. I had a Roku and a Matricom G box before it. It's fast, has expandable storage, usable USB ports, and you can easily side load Kodi. The only gripe I have is that there is no IR control, so you can't program it to a smart remote. I do like the fact they make an app for iOS and Android so that make it a bit better, but it would be nice to have one remote control I can use to control everything.
Amazon is a great product. Use with Prime and get shopping benefits!
Amazon's Kindle Fire line only gets better as price gets lower. This is my 3rd Kindle Fire purchased, the first 2 still work well after daily use for more than 3 yrs. A sleeker new design makes the product look more relevant. Some definate improvements over the earlier versions include the rear camera, moving the charging port to the top, and a crisper, clearer screen. The Operating system seems to have been upgraded as well and now is more like a cell phone than a mini computer which I think helps it as well. Holds a charge for a good while under normal use. Am already thinking about replacing the other 2 to the newer generation models. Absolutely will recommend Amazon Kindle FIre to anyone who will listen.
Bought it for the price and my mother-in-law has one, keeps freezing up but st good.
Gave as a gift. Hope it is working as planned. Nice sale price.
I own Apple TV,Google Chromecast, Roku and now a Amazon Fire TV. This is great product for Amazon products. If you are looking for the ultimate media player get the Roku. If you are a heavy Apple fan get a Apple TV, if you use Amazon, buy this.They each have their good and bad. I do not like the Apple TV. I only use it for itunes and mirroring my mac. The Amazon fire is great because you can download android apps. It doesn't have as many tv apps as the Roku, but its pretty easy to add 3rd party apps.
I use my fire tv daily and it performs perfectly. I have a smart tv but the fire tv runs much faster.
Love it and would definitely recommend! Has great picture
Yes I did it. Got me Alexa. Best thing ever. Nice to get music.
These are great devices for the price. Good performance and awesome warranty. Having the Freetime is also very nice as app purchases are less frequent.
This product works great as a little helper and as a great speaker for music. I purchased this for my mother in a nursing home, she loves it! It is very easy to set up and use.
Vraiment bon petit appareil , lger et facile d emploiJ ai hte de m en servir sur les plages cet hiverBelle bibliothque de livres disponiblesBon achat en bref
Good tablet. Easy to use. Good for anyone who likes to read.
I'm amazed at how easy it is to use and how useful it is. I would recommend this product
I may be slow to catch on to "streaming." I was unaware of the depth of available media material. Things to consider are Internet download speed (30 Mbs minimum) and too many choices. It is similar to the Internet before the World Wide Web (www). Some Android apps such as Kodi with Fire TV Guru make some of the material more easily accessible. Good luck!
IT is great. Easy set up. All family members enjoy it.
The Fire TV is very easy to setup and allows you to access a lot content.
The echo was easy to set up and connect to Spotify and the sound quality is good. It's pretty good at basic questions like time and weather but it's natural language understanding isn't as good at understanding and answering more complex questions.
Perfect for anything I need to do on a tablet. Watch movies, play a few games, surf the web. Works great and is much faster than my old samsung tablet.
We have so much fun with the speaker. Can ask her anything
it is worth the price! easy to use and user friendly.
I bought this tablet for my nephew for Christmas. As I had a limited budget I needed something under $50. The Amazon Fire fit the bill and more. I don't know how Amazon can make money at this price point. Fantastic value!
I have purchased 3 of these tables still have them just handed them down one grandchild to the next will need another next year. They are tough the heavy rubber case really keeps them safe. Good product!
Great tablet - great apps and performance. I Love it "
like the on request weather and traffic. Music selection with prime is very good
Kids got the kindle fire for Christmas, pretty happy with it.
I really like not having the bump on the bottom like the previous Kindle reader like the previous Kindle readerI dislike the fact that the screen is not recessed like the previous Kindle reader so that you cannot set the unit down facedown
An inexpensive tablet that can satisfy your reading and viewing pleasure. Fast and good quality product. Recommended!
My daughter enjoys her kindle. Lovethis product!!
I like that you can set parental setting so the kids can't purchase without you knowing about it. Great warranty also as a separated for the kids and the parents
Bought this to stream movies. Plugs into to a electrical outlet and into your TV HDMI. Very easy.
I installed a driver for google play store; also I payed amazon to get rid of the lock screen ads ($15). It was worth it. I use this thing alot.
I was amazed how little it cost to get a Kindle Fire these days. I passed down my iPad mini to my son because he uses it a lot and I just wanted something to watch Netflix and read books. The big plus is the book lending library with our prime membership. It's noticibly slower than my old iPad, but for $50 I'm very happy with it.
I may have set my expectations a little too high. This replaced a dedicated htpc, but I will probably swap it back and attach it to the garage tv.
This was a nice upgrade to my previous Kindle Fire. Thought would have a few more bells and whistles but I'm satisfied with the added speed and added Camera.
The Amazon fire HD10 is one of the best deals on the market. I've had a IPad and would rather have the HD10! It's what-1/3 of the price of a IPad and just as good, if not better
I was reluctant to replace my previous Kindle Fire because I wasn't sure I would like it as well. I am pleased to say I'm loving it!
Easy to navigate! Easy to understand how to load apps!
works well; great sound. wife needed a second one for her office.
It's perfect for me, my husband and my daughterthere are so many apps we downloaded, Sling, Nick Jr, Disney, CNN etc.If you're looking for the end all answer to cut your cable TV service, FireTv does not have things like live CNN, AMC and other cable stations (yet), but you could purchase a subscription for Sling TV (Google it) which has ala-carte live TV services. Something Apple is promising to deliver. If you have a current cable subscription, you can get things like HBO and Netflix streamed to your box if you are already paying for it in your home cable subscription. Your provider "passes through" the HBO, Netflix, etc
I love the fire box. All of my shows are easily accessible.
Our first tablet. Purchased for my husband prior to a long train trip. Downloaded movies had Internet and was great for traveling.
This really a nice tablet.It runs great and it's thin and easy to hold.
This is a great gift for anyone that loves technology. Great to listen to music, news, radio or for reference.
Super device to turn any TV into Smart TV. Really good device.
Christmas gift so it's to early to tell, arrived on time
I did away with cable and was trying to choose between a roku and firebox. Decided on the firebox and so happy I did. Works with all my other amazon products.
I bought this for my Mother because her Nook wasn't working any more. Although it took her a little while to adjust to the new device, she really enjoys it!
We love our new tablet. We got it to bring with us for our 2 year old when we go out. For the price we were not worried if something sgould haopen to it. Works great, good speed. Well worth it.
Good tablet at a good price. Great for your basic tasks.
I was concerned it would be difficult to set up. Turned out very easy to set up and to use.
I previously owned the previous model. There is very little difference between this and the older model. (Apart from the 4K, which only works with Netflix at this time). I still hate the ugly interface!, I wish Amazon would allow users to use their own skins
Works great but I wishI could get rid of the ads on the home screen.
Very easy to set up and begin using. Live fire stuck and fire stick tv
IT was just as described. I would recommend it to a friend.
Loved this kindle! Bought it for my siblings. They loved it too and it was cheap for me!
So glad I decided to purchase this! I gave it as a gift and the person absolutely loves it.
I want one that the battery life was better than my old one i had.this is just what i wanted and the price was even better,
Good price and like always great servise and waranty
Great tablet for the price especially if you are a Amazon Prime member, very pleased, makes a great gift.
This thing has some issues with the screen lighting being different up top and down below, but overall, this thingredients is amazing. I read all the time on this and highly recommend it to anyone. I even bought one for my son.
MY GRANDCHILDREN GOT THEIR TABLETS FOR CHRISTMAS AND THEY LOVE THEM, THEY USE THEM AT SCHOOL AND FOR GAMES AND MOVIES AFTER THEIR HOMEWORK IS DONE, VERY EASY TO USE AN PARENTAL CONTROLS ARE GREAT
My godson loves it. He's only 4 and thinks this is the best thing ever.
Just as advertised. Answers to questions only take a couple of seconds. Great thorough information is returned by Alexa! Looking to buy some echo Dots in the very near future!
I like set the font on large so I can read without my reading glasses. I can read at night without turning on the light.
Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again
Easy to use and convenient when you need to check or look something up quickly. The low price was a good incentives to try this product.
I did my research, and this was the tablet I wanted. It was a smooth transaction. The only thing was that I couldn't purchase it "without special offers" from anywhere other than Amazon direct. I opted to purchase it from Best Buy "with special offers" because of the price. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I could choose to have the "special offers" removed after purchase. I had to pay additionally for this option, but it could be done. None of the reviews I read mentioned that this was possible. I suppose this could change this at any time, but at the time I am writing this, it is an option.I saved delivery time by purchasing at Best Buy and paid minimally later to have the special offers removed.
Love my Kendal but cannot find a case or screen saver for it.
Not using this for much more than music right now, but it's been fun. I'm sure we will expand the use in the future.
Great device to use Best Buy Bucks with. Glad they had it in stock.
Never thought I would like it or use it but my family and I use it every day!
They have so much stuff that I am not sure where to start. Its fast, reliable, and easy to set up. I have the yearly Amazom Prime membership and it includes their tv service and also their music app with no ads. A must have if your into watching a lot of tv like myself.
This is the best tablet in it's category at a price point which everyone can afford. Big thanks to Amazon for making this possible. The user experience is very good and there are enough number of apps to play around including the must haves like Facebook,Youtube ,Netflix etc.
Bought tablet for my daughter and like the price point and it's capabilities, along with the parental controls.
So much more screen size than previously kindles. Fast charging. Longer battery life.
Working Product at the price that was advertised! Great!
I have been using the paperwhite for about 2 years now and this unit definitely beats it. The adaptive lighting is amazing and page turn buttons are quite useful. If you are looking for an E-Reader then this is the one for you.
This is the second Amazon fire 7 tablet I've purchased. I haven't seen anything that compares to it for the price
I got this on Black Friday weekend for $35. It was my 2nd Fire. It can do a lot, but the thing that I like about it the most is that I can take it anywhere. If I lose it or it gets stolen, I am only out $35. The new feature that I like is blue shade. I use my tablet in the evening with no worries that I will have trouble going to sleep.
We love it kids n all everyday use for us we don't use cable as much ch as b4
Got this for my 7 year old daughter, she loves it. We read on it, she plays on it, there are videos on it, and she can't or hasn't found a way to break it yet. Well done Amazon, well done.
I initially bought an echo because of the Hue light system and Nest Thermostat control that it can give with just your voice. While these things work wonderfully, boy was I surprised when I discovered many of the other things it can do! My wife and I are avid readers, but with two small children, we don't have the time as often anymore. We were surprised to see that alexa could not only play audio books, but could read ANY book from our kindle library! Additionally the sound quality is quite good for the size of the device. My only (minor) complaint is that the bass sound is lacking some at higher volumes. Otherwise, you should most certainly buy one!
Nice Streamer. Has lots of movies and Television Showes.
Love that the memory is expandable! The kids are going to love it.
This product is a beginner product for Kids and nothing to be of use for Elders
This is a great all around tablet. This tablet is currently being used by my daughter and she loves it. It's a good size and the picture quality is good enough to watch cartoons and a few YouTube videos on. The best part is that it has a memory slot so you can save videos on it for travel.
We have loved our echo. We play music on it daily and use it as an alarm clock in the morning
I have had a Kindle since they first came out. This is my 4th one and they just keep getting better. Reads great in daylight, night time, whenever.
we bought this for my 11 year old daughter and we love it. So easy to set up and use. Much better than the one made especially for kids. This one has better capabilities.
The tablet exceeds the price expectations. Great for reading books, ok for browsing. The time warner cable tv app works well with this device.
We love the echo. We use it to control Hue lights as well as get news, weather, and sports and play music. Will be adding other smart home devices over time.
Real good deal. Nice present for those who want a tablet
Always great amazon product. Wish I could download to hard drive.
she loves it. very good product for the money. would recommend it to friends.
So easy to use and entertaining....I love this product
Decent speed and a nice screen make this a great device for the money. I find myself using it more and more.
Not what I expected, I am not satisfied with the product
Debated between firetv and Apple TV and ultimately went with firetv due to price. Works great, easy set up and easy navigation. I have not had any buffering issues.
Its a good product at the cost. Touch sensitivity is acceptable.
Omg this product is excelent good batery and HD screen love this
This was actually a gift for a family member. Maybe one day I'll cave in and buy one to play around with. Otherwise a good little tablet you can carry around in place of books!!
This screen on the hd8 is a huge improvement over the past kindle or fire devices. The operating system is sometimes glitchy, but overall a nice system for the money.
Good little tablet. But I don't like that there is not a big choice of apps.
I initially wanted to buy a kindle but couldn't pass up the great deal and thought I could exchange it if I changed my mind. It works great and has plenty of memory for what I needed, which was strictly to read. I liked that I could also watch Netflix on it. The only downside for me is that unlike the kindle I can't read it in the sun, but that's not that much of an inconvenience so far. Overall I've been very happy with it.
Great!! Use it everyday. Easy to use and find movies
We have a first generation Kindle that stopped taking a charge so I decided to get one of the newer cheaper models at my local store. He loves it and it plays more games now that it's got a faster processor.
I have a dot as well as this one. There is never a problem with the dot being able to hear me, but the Echo is like an obstinate child. There is still time to return it so I'll give it a few more days to behave. If not, it goes back.
I have compared the kindle fire 7.0 to the Samsung galaxy tab a 7.0. The kindle has a longer lasting battery and it has a fire os. It offers a wide range of amazon features such as free e-books, movies, and games that are only offered with the kindle fire.
Purchased for my younger children to do learning games. My last one purchased was for a 4 year old and she loves it. Very durable.
Got this for my granddaughters birthday and she loved it so my other granddaughter wanted one so I brought another one and they both loved them
Got for my grandparents. It was easy to set up and they are very excited about them.
The Kindle is great for taking on a plane trip or just having something to read while you're waiting in the doctor's office. And there's a great selection of books online.
Love it I sent one down to my family in Mexico they loved it
What a great value! I thought at first that it was so underpowered that it would be useless, but not so. I have bought 6 of them so far, and am lovin it!
Overall this tablet is great. Feels great in your hand(s). In my opinion it'd be great for a light user or a child.
Bought it for my 4yr ild daughter, and its good for kids. A little different from a regular android tablet. Layout has alot going on but can get used to it.
I love this product it is well worth the money that I paid for it.
Wasn't sure if this product was too gimmicky or not but we've placed it in the kitchen and use it all the time. Still learning about all the things it can do but we get the news, weather, listen to our favorite music while cooking and ask it some dumb questions just for fun. It really does find almost every song you request and I just started a shopping list. Worth the cost!
Does what I wanted and then more. I would recommend this to others.
Love this product, and Alexa has become a good friend. I didn't think I would use this device that much, but I was wrong. From the time I get up for work to the time I turn in for the night, I can always think of something interesting to ask Alexa!
We gave these for Christmas Gifts this year and everyone was thrilled with them.
This is the "must have" device for 2017. Excellent choice.
The adults and children who received the tablet as a gift have thoroughly enjoyed it.
This device is incredible. It can pick up on your voice from across the room and has yet to make a mistake about what I asked.
This is the third I have had to buy/ They seem to only work for a year before needing to be replaced. I have the warranty but no patience for the replacement to be mailed to me with all the forms.
This unit will charge faster than what came with the Amazon Fire HD-8. It's worth it. I can't stand waiting for charging!
I purchased the Amazon Echo for my husband as a birthday gift. He had been eyeing it for quite some time, but it definitely seemed a little steep for what is essentially a Bluetooth speaker. But...oh were we wrong! The Echo is one of the coolest tech products we have ever had. It makes me feel like we are living in some futuristic home. Other than being an excellent Bluetooth speaker (which it is), Alexa sets timers, alarms, streams music through many different apps, tells you the status of your orders on Amazon, etc. We love it so much that we find ourselves searching for other products that pair with Alexa to enable it to do even more for us. We just bought our 7 year old the Echo Dot for his birthday and he absolutely loves asking Alexa questions and playing music. Very unique product and I can't wait to see what new things Alexa can do over time!
I love the echo!!! It like you having a conversation with someone.
I was so excited to get this cool new tech toy in my home that would make it easy for me to enjoy the music of my choice. I never gave a thought to all Alexa would do for me. First of all. The set up was like 1,2,3. Once the app was downloaded it was a piece of cake. Alexa is like my personal assistant, she makes appts, shopping lists, wakes me up on time, finds the recipe I'm looking for and so much more....all I have to do is ask. I can't wait to get the adapters to make my home into a smart home.
My 4 year old daughter loves it. She used the iPad a lot but dropped it and cracked the screen.
There is so much content out there that is free and he fire is easy to use to watch it.
It does everything it's advertised to do and with some of the expected new releases it should be even more fun and useful
Really cool looking in person. Purchased this and 3 other Echo Dots to work together. It definitely can hear you from a distance. It operates my LIFX lights but doesn't change the colors if I ask it to. It doesn't work well with Pandora to pick stations so not sure how to get it to do that. It only remembers the last station that I was playing. Lots of home automation integration. Being able to set my alarm just by talking is better than a clock next to the bed. Overall lots of great features. Takes time to learn what it can do overall. This one is the Best if you want a louder speaker than the Echo Dot and it actually looks cool too.
I use this tablet as an e-reader and to listen to prime music at the same time. Great for this.Still leaning other features.
Love the fire. I run it nonstop 24 hours a day for my business and it runs flawlessly.
Thus device is so portable and works really well for what I want it to.
This amazon Kindle Fire is of God quality. It's a lot faster than the one I had before
Bought this for a gift for some one who's old tablet won't work. Just the right size to play games on.
Bought this for my wife for Christmas. We have been using a Nook for the last 2 years (bought at Best Buy - got 2 and a great deal) Can't use Nook to read in sunlight. The Voyage is smaller, lighter and easier to use. Have not used it yet to read in sunlight. Wish it had some other features like - color display and sound. Waiting to see if I decide to get one until then I still am using a Nook. Very easy to download a book from public library. It is a tad expensive for what it does.
I purchased a couple of these to compliment the main unit.I have one in each room, as well in my kitchen, this way I dont have to worry if Alexa heard me or not. They work perfectly.The only downside I have seen so far is , I have a bluetooth speaker that I play music thru, and its paired with one echo, but if you are near a different echo and ask it to play music, it will not default ro the one with the speaker, but start playing thru the echo itself.I have not searched for a work around, and its possible that this is just my own setup mess up.. so I will still give 5 stars.
Git this for my son who had already broke his 1st tablet. I got this for about half the price of his first one and it is much better quality than the 1st one. Thinking about getting another one for his brother.
this kindle is absolutely awesome! it has a great reading light on there and is easy to use. i would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for an e-book reader.
Bought as gift and great tablet for price! Awesome
Comes in handy when staying at hotels you can connect and find your shows.
Nice deals on the product with saving and good customet experience.
Got this for $39.99 and it is so worth the price. The girls can read on their own devices and I can limit the time on each device as well as the content.
Great tablet to serve as a backup for our primary ipads
I had an old ipad and when it quit I decided to go for the amazon fire tablet--really only used it to play games and for entertainment....i hate it---battery life is very short I pretty much need to keep it plugged in at all times, and it freezes and just shuts out of screens. I can't take it anymore and am now going to buy another ipad---don't waste your money on this!! I am very unimpressed with this product and amazon in general now.
This is my third kindle and I love it even more than my other ones
I enjoy my Kindle immensely, so much better than having to start up my computer.
Kindle parter white is perfect for reading in all sorts of lighting, and easy to use.
Alexa became my new best friend along side siri. I ask her anything and everything. Shes great
Installation was quick and I was watching in no time. Love the voice search and Alexa integration. Amazon integration is Perfect. Unfortunately the Voice Search only searches Amazon video and not Netflix like the Roku. For 4k this device supports 30fps and the Roku supports 60 fps. I don't know if that is a big deal yet or not until I get my 4K TV. I bought this because of the price point and I already had two Roku sticks. I also found that Amazon does NOT support certain movies on certain devices. i.e. I could not stream Apocalypse Now or Full Metal Jacket on the Roku stick but it was available on the PS3. You have to look at Supported Devices in each movie to determine. When I started commenting on it in the Amazon forums they all of a sudden showed up :-)!
I bought these fore my grandkids, and they love them
You give an amazing 7” tablet, with front and rear facing cameras, a nice interface, fairly snappy performance and durability, all for under 50 bucks! I can’t imagine not buying these for your kids, but not a primary tablet for a techie adult by any means.I f you are looking for a great entry level tablet that does most of the things people want, this little tablet definitely delivers the value.
Overall I love it. Alexa Doesn't find all songs but for the most she will get them.
I like the functionality of the Echo and how easy it is to use. The major downfall for me is not being able to synchronize with Apple calendar as it only allows for Google calendars to sync. I also like that I can tell Alexa to add things to my shopping list or play different kind of music. Overall is a God purchase.
My son loves this thing. He is always on it. Great learning tool and it keeps him entertained
The paper white kindle is much better than the original. Great for reading in any light! One of my better purchases!!
I was not expecting much and was a little afraid to purchase the fire tablet. I was quite surprised by the build quality and am extremely surprised by the performance. I am thinking of buying more for the family.
This tablet is great! Unfortunately got a defective one at first, but Best Buy was happy to exchange it for us and had no problem doing it! I'm sure it was only defective due to the hundreds of people who were there on black friday shopping! Works great! Very satisfied!
Tablet is great value. I brought two for my kids and they love it. Later I brought one for myself just to have a light entertainment device on the fly. The resolution on the tablet is good but don't expect the resolution of a Samsung or Apple tablet. I like the Amazon interface because you can download certain movies or shows if your a Amazon prime member. I don't think Amazon prime movies or shows are available on non-Amazon tablets so this increases the value. Some people don't like the fact that the locked screen has advertising I think it's great. It's a clever way to bring a product to the market that is affordable, reliable, and built well.
Works great for what I need! It took a while to understand the motions but then I got it!
Purchased for my father, 84 years old! Easy to use!
Bought for granddaughter, age 11. She had no trouble setting everything up, even though she'd only been familiar with Apple's phone, ipod and ipad. Her only regret was no "Facetime", so Skype will suffice. Video quality is great, can't beat the price!
Purchased for each grandchild to use. So far they seem very pleased
I wish you could keep DVR longer, but otherwise good.
Very pleased with the Kindle Fire. Great price too!
So my 18 month old maybe the future computer wizard because she everything about my tablet. However my biggest concern is not so much that she knows how to unlock my Ipad, but throwing it down the stairs like one of her toys. Which makes the Kindle Fire tablet for kids the best invention since the Tivo. All the pre loaded apps, videos, books, etc is nothing short of amazing. The case is also very cool, hardwood floor and stair case proof. For under $100 bucks this is perfect for tech savvy kids like mine.
After purchasing a smart tv looking forward to using the built in apps I discovered that the ones offered weren't up to par. I went back and talked to a very knowledgeable associate, Heather, she showed me why i was having trouble with the streaming on my new tv and suggested getting a streaming device. After listening to her explain the differences between them I decided on the Amazon Fire TV and she was spot on. No more issues and the speed and picture are great. Thanks so much Heather.
I purchased this tablet about a month ago, have enjoyed it every since! I would truthfully say it is one of the best.
Perfect gift for the tech family and introduction to the numerous options now available through wireless connections
Best one yet, super speed, great pictures, 4k is awesome!
This is great tablet for anyone. It's an adriod tablet so it's different than the iPad features
It's a great tablet for the price. Fast and snappy
Couldn't be more pleased with my purchase! I've owned other devices in the past, including earlier versions of the Kindle. This one takes the cake. Extremely easy to use, fonts have great clarity, and the backlight feature is so convenient when reading at night. Has some cool features like a dictionary and Wikipedia if you want to look up a word within the text. I would definitley recommend this product!
Asked a Bestbuy employee if I could connect to my library. He told me yes so I bought the Kindle. When I got it home, found out that downloading books from my library was not an option, so I returned Kindle.
Extremely simple to use upon powering the device up. Within a few minutes I synced my audio books & interfaced my email accounts in under 10 minutes. I'd definitely recommend this tablet.
Some apps, like youtube, will have trouble when on wifi network. All other games work perfectly fine. Perfectly aimed at teenagers and younger.
This product is fun & easy to use. It's good fun for the whole Family. There have been a few issues with connecting nest & hue but once I received the proper guidance it was a breeze.
It was a hard choice between high priced echo vs the cheaper dot but I chose the echo. I do like having the speaker internal and I will be able to add the dot later on to other places. You can download apps to have alexa more adjustable to you
A great choice for children ages 3 to 13. Or even a great tablet for adults. It has many apps and games to choose from. The case it came with is very practical for beginners.
Just needed a small tablet for video and surfing. Perfect.
Its very light weight. Easy to get app installed, and my child has no problem watching her shows.
like a tablet. great, fast connection. everything I wanted in an electronic reader.
I bought this originally for my wife because she is always reading and was interested in a Kindle, though wasn't sure she could ever part with physical books. She loves it! Now with the Family Library option available we can all share our favorite books. I'm looking to buy one for myself and my teenage daughter this week, actually. Oh, and my wife has given up on physical books after this ;) She likes the backlight when reading in bed at night and the fact that it lasts for at least a week on a single charge.
Great tablet for my kiddos they love these kindle fire kid tablets and they are very strong hold up to a lot. Price is great too.
little gem does so much for such an amazing price.
I was so ecstatic to get my fire tv and. It has some really great features on it. Its a must have purchase and i own several. If your a prime member you get free tv from Amazon. Please give it a try it will be worth your money.
I loved the first one I bought so much I bought another one for my bedroom. This has replaced the Chromecast which I had on all my TVs. My house is wired with Cat6 and I have a fast internet connection and streaming from Netflix is almost immediate.
Bought this tablet after a cheaper model quit working. I found all my cloud items already available being Prime Member.
Not very much 4k content but it still get the job done
Love to get up to date information on weather, traffic and events in my area.
I love how clear the screen is and no glare, it's amazing
I bought this for my 86 year old father. he loves it. finds it very easy to use
I purchased this for my dad as a birthday present. I opened it and set it up for him and it works great. It's fast enough for an Internet browser, and possibly a student.
Great easy fluid tablet for begginers. Would highly reccommend. Excellent for all the readers out there too !
This was a replacement for another fire. It's the best tablet we've had and does everything we need it to. The fact that it's blue is a bonus!
Our young son spends hours fully engaged playing games on his tablet.
I mean it's a great product for what you get, little on the expensive side
Even though is good with music, not so good with news and general information. Google is a better deal
Bought this as a gift for hubby on his birthday. It is so easy to use. Hours of enjoyment
My daughter bought a Kindle Fire when it cost $200 and thought it was a good deal for something that did so much. Mine was only $50 at my local Best Buy, and it's truly a marvel -- I can watch TV and movies from my library, read books and emails, and order products. I can't imagine any more for any less. Clear, bright colors, crisp lettering, although small (I bought the 7-inch screen).
Amazon has made a very affordable upgrade. Fast streaming, a responsive remote control and easy to set up. Picture is crisp and HD all the way. Supports 4K so future upgrades are a forgone conclusion.
Excellent -- has quickly become an invaluable feature of our house. Voice recognition, even from a distance, is very good.
They keep busy, lots of kids apps to view!! Entertainig
this is a replacement for the kindle that i dropped. I love the new features of this model.
i would recommend this to others. i think it is great for someone who is just getting into electronics.
This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back
My wife loves it plays games with her all the time and shows it of
wel worth the upgrade from the amazon stick to the amazon fire.. more room to catch the memory buffer, lot smoother and a better control. works wonders making me one happy customer.
I had the original kindle fire from many years ago that survived many a drop onto concrete floor without sustaining any damage, so I hope this one will last as long. Easy to start up and charges fast. Already had a couple of os updates that were very fast downloading and installing. No problems.
Easy to use. Very good for those that need large lettering. Great back light.
Bought it for my 8 year old son. Its good to get him this for a great price, and get him off my iPad...lol.....
great tablet.just needs a way to disable ads and stuff like that..if you play alot of games you should get the 16gb one.
I love my kindle.,for the price this thing is great and does what I need it to do
Enjoy how easy it is to set up and use. Since I enjoy old movies, this unit is good for A movie lover like me.
I had the firestick but decided to get the box based on reviews and am happy i did because the box is much faster and better overall.
Good for little ones who are just getting started on apps.
My girls love asking Alexa to play specific songs they want to listen too. They also enjoy seeing how smart she is by asking her to figure out homework questions.
My kindle fire HD8 is quite an upgrade to my old Kindle. Camera is a terrific addition and the screen is so much better.
bought this for my father, who never did much on computers and was not sure he would actually use this. He unwrapped it, asked for some games to be downloaded and hasn't looked back! He has used the internet as well as the game apps and couldn't be happier.
Perfect for our young daughter, its a perfect size and she can use it very easily.
I paid about 33% less than the going price for this. I can't complain for any reason on this based on what was paid. Is it the perfect tablet, well, there are some limitations, however, I've paid far more in the past for comparable tablets that didn't offer any more than this. I picked up multiple ones and they are scattered through the house and all being put to use.
Bought one for each of my kids and they love it. Functionally sound product very easy to use.
The plug seems to be working well. I think it's the connection in my Kindle that is worn out!
I've had a Kindle since they first came out and was happy to get one with a backlit screen. I like the WiFi and the 3G because I like the freedom of downloading books and newspapers while in the car, at the beach, by the pool when another guest recommends a new book. I still haven,t figured out some of the buttons, and because it is smaller I am always turning the page. I have adjusted the font and how far apart the lines are, but it still seems like I'm doing more page turning.
A few problems with games loading but over all good
Good tablet but you could find a better one in market within same price range. The one thing I don't like is the brightness , it's poor.And amazon could have given a better FaceTime camera., that's really bad.
Firebox is awesome! Would recommend to everyone. Great option.
The firestorm I purchased is absoutley amazing I love it
I was skeptical of such a low price point tablet. My children broke a more expensive tablet that I owned and I needed a replacement. I absolutely love it.
Easy to set up. Availability of service is great. Enjoy the selections.
Product is great and battery life is long. My kids and i enjoy using it to read long and short novels. It is a must get to have. Great to take with you to bed and read with low dim!
Mainly used for reading kindle books, but tablet does many other things! Goes with me everywhere I go!
I am very happy with this tablet. It's a good size for me and easy to read and use.
I love amazon fire tv the shows a great and the movies are outstanding. Good job Amazon
Love the product, it does everything they say and some really cool other stuff not mentioned. Awesome
Got this during thanksgiving sale.. had already owned one.. Amazon could improve the UI for better user experience.
I decided to purchase this tablet because my 2 year old son refused to play with his leap frog tablet. He's happy with it and takes it everywhere with him including daycare. Great price!!!!
It does what it was advertised to do...... not the easiest item to use.... other than that it works great.
Can not beat the quality of the product for the cost.
I really love the Amazon Echo. One of it's great hidden features is that it can read any of your Kindle books to you. I plan on using it with my TV once I purchase the Harmony device by Logitech.
This product works very well and represents an extremely useful piece of artificial intelligence.
Love it! I use it for weather, Pandora, you can play games and ask it recipes. It's great.
This is my first time use for Bluetooth amazing ecchor is not just Bluetooth they also can help you answer a lot impomation you need to know good stuff to have
Bought this for 9 year old nephew. He loves the Fire!!
Bought this for a bedroom TV. The interface is geared toward Amazon Prime members, so most of the items on the main screen are of no use to me. You must do some scrolling to get to the APPS page. So for people who aren't Prime members it's not as convenient as other streaming devices. My solution was to install Firestarter.I would have bought a Roku, but Amazon Fire is the only streaming device to support the TIVO app. So unless I wanted to spend quite a bit more for a Tivo Mini + Roku, this was my only choice. But after installing Firestarter, I'm satisfied. The Tivo app does not do everything a Tivo Mini does, it just allows us to watch recordings from our Tivo Bolt in the living room.Had it come stock with a display option to switch to a less prime-specific startup screen, i would have given it 5 stars. But Amazon is trying to promote Prime, so that's not going to happen.
This tablet is replacing an older model and the updates are wonderful. I can handle most media on this tablet and the resolution is great. I like the change of the camera to the back of the kindle instead of the front screen; now I can see what I'm aiming at! Easy to use and can't beat the price.
for something so small it has enough processing power to do what it needs to for a travel reader. graphics are also decent for the size.
I've had several Kindles in the past. Really love the paperwhite because of the light and being able to read outside
It's fast, it's 1080p and you can do more with it than the others
Ok, so, I wanted an e-reader and had thought about just buying an iPad mini. I wish I had. Don't get me wrong, this tablet does the job it's meant to do but that's about it. If you're looking for a tablet that you can play games on, browse through Facebook or instagram on, or even surf the net then you're better off getting an upgraded version of this tablet or an iPad as I said before. Plus, this tablet comes packed with apps that are unnecessary and just plain memory wasteful. However, if you just need it to read your books or magazines then this is the perfect little companion for you. I'm saving for an iPad.
Great tablet keeps my daughter busy and happy.she can do so much on it
Excellent product that does what it is built to do and that shows great movies. Purchase this product Roku and this is a much better product. Love that I can watch other streaming apps as well on this device.
Quad core planty of on board ram, and expandable storage? If this can't play it, you don't need it!
Great product, and works flawlessly with home automation. At first I was a huge skeptic about needing an always on device. However after buying an echo earlier this year from amazon, I have become an avid user. So much so that I bought a second one from best buy once they began carrying them! Also per-ordered their amazon dot, which is $49. Order one now, you will not be disappointed!
Thanks Bestbuy for offering best price!!! We have been looking for this product since long and finally got it at bestbuy in great price.
bought this as a gift for my daughter who is very ill and has to be confined to indoors mostly and she loves it
love these so much we now have 4 Echo (Kitchen, living room, basement and outdoor area) and 2 Dots for bedrooms. Now that they can play everywhere together it's great going from one room to another with music playing in all rooms when we are entertaining. Highly recommend!
Took it on vacation & loved it! Read on the beach with no problems as the screen is bright & the font can be made as big as you need..Easy to download books too. If you're looking for just a great little, very portable reader I highly recommend this Kindle.
This was the perfect tablet for what my husband wanted. 8" size was not too big or too small. You can carry it without it being clumsy to drop.
Got it for our grandson for Christmas and he won't put it down. Comes with free kids software which is great.
I purchased this tablet for my little (3) son for Christmas and he loves it.
Excellent for someone who is alone at home and needs company. Very entertaining.
After experimenting for several months with an Echo Dot, I decided to take the plunge when the Echo showed up online at a deep discount. Like the Dot, setup was easy. Sound quality is awesome. Sometimes it works too good as it listens to everything all the time. Its going to be fun to use just the same.
Works fine for what I wanted it for. Using as a remote for my home automation and entertainment system
I bought this for my parents to be more connected into Facebook messenger (they don't have phones) and video calling. It's been easy for them to use and learn -- though I highly recommend a keyboard case. I bring it out to read news sites in their new tablet formats. Small but useful. An amazing product given the price.
I been having this for awhile now for my two boys and they just absolutely love it
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. She liked my Kindle touch. I just wished it had an audio feature.
good for a kid which is why I bought it. If given the choice I will always choose apple.
Alexa is awesome! Answers when called every time!!
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she loves it, so i love it.
This is a great little tablet for under $50. It's good for surfing websites, social media, watching videos and checking emails. I prefer to use a laptop for more complex tasks. It came with Web Root which was easy to download for virus protection.
Was holding out til the price drop. Got it for $33 on Friday after thanksgiving. Love the tablet great for my little girl.
Very responsive. I purchased the Phillips light bulbs and Alexa controls them, brightness and color. Learning what Alexa can do takes time but well worth the effort.
I personally have 3 of these in my home and we love them. I love the fact that I can set restrictions for my kids. Great product
Got this case for my daughter's Fire. Solid build and good function. Using it as a fold out stand is a little quirky but I wasn't looking to use it for that anyway. Not sure about the overall protection, but hey - it's for a very cheap tablet.
I previously had a nook that died and tried the Fire and I was hooked. Great price and lots of things to do
I like the box much better than the stick. It has more memory along with optical out for surround sound etc. Voice activated remote and just overall smoother. Definitely worth the money to upgrade to the box over the stick.
The echo is good at playing music and getting the weather. I've not tried it with other smart home devices. It would be great if it were more intuitive. I found each app requires a specific command. Problem is trying to remember the app and allowable voice commands. Glad to see more abilities being added constantly.
All is well. Haven't heard any complaints. Hopefully he will use it to help with his school work and not just play games with it.
Purchased for my 12 yo son. He loves it. I use it2
Great tablet for the price. Much better than the cheaper brands.
I bought this to stream HD music via bluetooth to my stereo. Works great and for the price offered can't be beat.
Works great. Easy to use. Fast. Great for the whole family.
We purchased the digiland tablet and it wasn't good at all due to the picture quality. Thats what I get for buying cheap. Pay $10 more and this tablet is awesome compared to the last one.
Great tablet especially for the price it's not an iPad by any means but will run and play a lot of androids apps works off wifi and has a micro ad card reader
Five stars for charging It does not seem right to give a low rating to something so basic just because I returned the whole Kindle package so 5 stars for just being a charger. In full disclosure, I did not use it but have no reason to detract from it.It is a wall charging base. It charges.
I was pretty impressed with this little device. It was easy to setup and works rather well. I had also bought a IPad Air 2 with 128GB during BF for $375. After playing around with the HD Fire I returned the Air 2 because it met my needs at a much lower price. I added a 64GB SD card and am downloading movies from Netflix. The HD display is very clear. Battery life could be a little better but overall I'm very satisfied with it. The free stuff you get with an Amazon Prime account is icing on the cake. I dig it!
This product is a great product as long as the plug-in charge port doesn't break and quit taking a charge.
My whole family has really enjoyed this, my kids love the music, I love the kitchen timer and being able to will check the weather for the day.I have set up the automated lighting control and I am in the process of converting a lot of our lighting to smart lighting.
great product I would recommend this tablet, grest price
These work awesome. Products shipped on time. I would order again.
Have not had it long enough to give a proper review
I've had a kindle fire for over 4 years so I decided to get this one for my daughter and she is going to love it. They're very durable and will meet the needs that she has.
It's easy to use and carry while traveling. The battery charge is good for a week that is also great.
Great tablet for the kids to play games and watch shows.
We got this tablet for our grandson. The ease of operation is definitely thumbs up.
Overall a good First Tablet for a Child. I find it difficult to find a specific game on the Child User. The Adult User has a search feature. Not sure where the Search feature is on the Child User. My 5 yr old Grandson is enjoying the Tablet.
It's a positive addition to the household. I enjoy having Alexa.
I like this device because it keeps my niece and nephew happy while on the road. For the price, it can't be beat. It's not as intuitive as it could be.
We only use it for streaming Hulu and playing a few games but it's held its own so far.
If your looking for an upgrade from Roku or the fire stick this is it
I recieved this as a present for my birthday, so far it has been great. I have bought several books and it makes a great Ebook reader.
You cant download too many apps so would recommend for the average reader
We bought this Kindle as a graduation gift for a relative and she loves it. It is easy to carry, fits in her purse and she has been able to easily load books on it! This was a perfect gift!
This is a pretty cool technology. Still learning what all it can do.
Overall this unit does everything it is advertised to do. It's hard to review something when it works exactly as described. I've had no issues.
Wife enjoys the smaller version and the non glare screen
Finally decided to cut the cables. Will be able to save at least $200/month. One of the best decisions I have made thus far.
With the advent of technology, picking up and reading a normal book feels cumbersome. This device perfectly replicates real-life ink whilst providing an unobtrusive backlight and enhancing the books with extra information, dictionaries, and wikis.
Dual cameras work great. Perfect compact size not too big or small. The best thing about the tablet is that you can add a sd card up to 128gb.
They work amazing and can't beat the price.........
This tablet was inexpensive, very lightweight, and performs just as good as the more expensive ones.
Had the original Kindle and filled it. Upgraded to the Kindle Voyage and absolutely love it!
I got this for my niece for Christmas she is going to live it
This was brought for husband, he wore out his first kindle. Excellent value.
I'm very happy with my purchase.It arrived on time. Amazing performance.
Nothing really spectacular about this, weird interface. It is okay.
My granddaughter had been using her parents' iPad and loves using apps for learning. I thought it would be nice for her to have her own tablet. My daughter loves the parental limits that can be set and my granddaughter loves not having to "share" with her parents!
Much better than the fire stick, faster and less buffering.
It's not a high end tablet, but it is great for ebooks and light gaming. Great battery life too
Replacement for earlier version of kindle fire. Extremely affordable.
I think this Echo is the most "awesome" and high tech product and a lot of fun. I impress my friends and family. They think it's great also.
I loved it it was fast and great fun for the kids that cannot put it down
Enjoying this Streaming Device. I can watch my favorite Movies and Shows on 4K UHD Quality
I love this adult toy with some serious "can do" abilities. We have one at work, so I purchased one for home. My son loved it so much, I bought him one to take to college with him. Now we can send message to each other just by asking Alexa to send a message. It can do so much more, and very easy to set up.
The tap is amazing. portable and connected to all amazon content
Not so great unless you want to spending alot of money on amazon for everything, unable to download any google are android apps.
This device really helps my daughter improve in her reading and it is very simple to use.
The tablet is great the jacket not so much - doesn't stand up - hate it
I can watch anything any time my daughter likes it .
This is a step up from what my son was using. He said it does well and easy to use.
I have purchased several kindle fires over the years for kids and family members and am always very happy with the product. The new, lower price just makes them more appealing.
I got this for my kids and I am able to have parental control over all of them, put a time limit on play time, they each have their own apps, games and books that are appropriate for their age. My kids love it and they are learning! With this kids edition I get 1 free year of all kids appropriate app,games,videos and books!
The sound is good, and it gets really loud. New features are always added, and it is compatible with a growing list of products. *The less awesome part: I've found that if I go to max volume, Alexa can't hear me even if I scream right next to her.
Very easy setup and better control than ipads. Pleased with performance.
It bought this as a christmas gift for my friend. This is her first tablet and she loves it.
This is my second Kindle and I am really enjoying it. I purchased mainly to use as a reader but it has exceeded my expectations. I can check my emails, surf the web, down loaded fb and pintrest as well. I have linked to my local library and can borrow books with ease. I have also downloaded Netflix as well. I love that I can change it to night reading so there is not so much of a strain on my eyes. I have not charged it for 2days now and have done quite a bit of reading and still showing 53%after 2 days. I purchased the 16g but plan on purchasing a micro SD card so I can expand the memory to download audio books as well.
Purchased the Kindle Paperwhite, prior to an international trip. It was well worth the investment! I created my own book cover (black), since one was not available (orange ... I don't think so) from the store at the time of purchase.
When I was looking for something to get so I could have all my books on one the Kindle is the first thing I thought of and ended up getting. The only thing I don't like about it is when it is dark the screen can be kind of bright even with the blue shade on. I also I have trouble spelling on the keyboard.
This was a great purchase i do not regret buying it my son enjoys playing with it alot!
You can absolutely not beat a Kindle fire. Unless you are my 7 year old son. Haha. But seriously at the price and the beatings they take they are worth it every time and with the cloud storage I don't even mind having to replace it every year.
acts up a lot , but has a lot of good features. but then again i should go over the instructions.
A great way to stream very simple lots of apps easy to maneuver through great piece of equipment.
There is so many things you can do with this box. Its so entertaining.
I got this tablet for Skype calls and browsing. It's good if you don't have an ample scope of tasks
I cancelled my satellite service and bought the fire tv after using the firestick, and liking it. It's a great product, and with my amazon prime membership, gives us lots of viewing options, especially for the kids who don't mind not seeing the latest episode of their shows (we also signed up for playstation vue to take the place of our satellite service, which is available on the fire tv). The kids also enjoy all the games on it. The only issue is that many of the games that the kids want to play require a separate controller, which seems to always be out of stock whenever we think about ordering one.
Got tablet for my son as a Christmas gift. He will enjoy it as I have one myself
Bought for Christmas and it has been a hit. Alexa is easy to use. Totally satisfied.
I bought this for my dad in his late 60s mainly to listen to music and read ebooks borrowed from the library. I set it up for him and he loves it. I just don't like that it has ads on the start up unless you pay to get rid of them.
I would recommend this tablet to anyone very good tablet
Love this device, the only concern is that sometimes it doesn't hear commands especially when it plays music or tv is on
Bought it for a friend he likes it.would recommend it.
This is a great low priced tablet, especiall if you are an Amazon Prime member.
Bought two for gifts. A huge hit!! They are readers and love not having to lug books.
Nice tablet for the price. Comes linked to amazon account
Although not as preferable as the gaming edition that we already owned, this model is also very nice. If you are looking to run KODI along with whatever build you may choose ex. Wookie a free build info found on YouTube or BeausBuild a paid build info found on FB or local to OKC. We are running both. One on this model and one on the gaming edition. Currently Amazon shows the gaming edition unavailable but we have been on a mad hunt for one more because it is faster and comes with a game controller making operation much easier. I would love for Best Buy to track down any remaining gaming units and make them available but overall this unit is an excellent choice and will run very smoothly with plenty of room for other applications.
So I love my electronics. I have an Ipad but when I saw this on sale I got myself one just to have since I am a prime member I figured I could use this too. The only thing I like about this is that you an expand the the storage. If the Ipad had that option it would be amazing. So since I then expanded the memory I can have more movies to watch offline. Camera is horrible, So I would say if you have a younger child, this may be decent but nothing compares to an ipad.
I have had at least three Amazon Fires and have been very happy with each one.
I only use tablet for downloading books to read. Great for that, although sometimes loses place.
i bought this and i really enjoy using it. fits my needs.
i love this kindle! I got the one with the backlight because it helps if you want to read at night! I got this specific kindle because I knew I would only be using it to read books & I didn't need the newer ones that you can get online & do much more (I have a phone & computer for that). I also love the look of this kindle, the screen is made to be glare free if you're reading outside in the sun and I love that! Definitely recommend this kindle to anyone!
Replaced Kobo EReader with this tablet, very satisfied with performance and price.
This is a lot faster then the fire tv, I have both and love the fire tv because how much faster it is.
I was looking for a replacement to a different tablet that I used only for reading. I am glad that I purchased this -- it does exactly what i want...even in the bright sun.
Works great prety fast operating system dosent heat up
This is an inexpensive alternative to a tablet and larger than a phone. The memory is small at 8 GB, but can be expanded with a micro SD card. Plus you are not slowed down by constant Windows 10 downloads.
Alexa works pretty well at home parties and the price isn't too bad for what you get.
It's my first time owing a kindle. But so happy I purchase it. All my favorite books in one place. Love the light and how practical it is.
This tablet is just the right size for travel and the kids.It has the Amazon app store and user interface and lots ofgreat features. Auto uploads pictures and videos to your Amazon cloud.If you have Prime you can watch Amazon prime Video too
Great tablet for books. Easy setup and easy to read.
This is a good e-reader, small to carry, easy to use.
Alexa was the perfect gift for a recently widowed relative. She loves that she can have music playing, or ask about the weather conditions, or the current news. A fabulous gift and almost like a new roommate!
I bought this to enjoy the comforts of a tablet. My use includes youtube, twitch and other channels that are similar in purpose. I would recommend this product for its own intended purposes which is a ereader at best. it does have its own android base functions but not the functions I enjoy from a regular tablet. Some regular app you might use on a daily may not be compatible with this unit to sum it up.
I purchase this tablet on Black Friday for my classroom while at work and my toddler while at home. Pros-I've mainly used it at work for Class Dojo and it's good for that purpose. At home I've used it for a Fisher Price ABC app. Both run okay with minimum lag. Cons-The volume is very low and the ads are annoying but for what I'm using it for it works.
I bought this to utilize PlayStation Vue. Works well
I bought this tablet for my son and he enjoys using it the only thing I don't love is that u need internet to use most apps on it and you cant download youtube kids. It has a lot of apps though and a lot of learning material for all ages.
Works good, got it at the best price. The capability to read at night is totally worth the money
Kids love their Kindles!!! Amazon freetime allows them access to tons of age appropriate content. They love the games, apps and videos available to them based on their age. The only reason I give this 4 stars is due to the charging connectors. They are not "kid friendly" and the kids bent both of them upon the first time they unplugged their devices on their own. Otherwise, Kindle kids is amazing!!!
Exactly what we wanted from it, something to use the streaming apps when the tv is being used, and want something larger then your phone. Battery lasts days and was great purchase.
My vision is failing, but this is easy to read in any light. It fits nicely in my purse to take anywhere.
I love it. It is the fourth or fifth Kindle I have purchased....first paperwhite.
Great product works like a charm and has great speed even with bad internet service would recommend
It is a very convenient product for ebook reading. More sophisticated.
Picked one of these Fire tablets up today for the crazy price of $39.99. I didn't really need it, but the extra $10. of was just too tempting. Charged it up, connected to WiFi and all was good to go. Played around with it for a couple of hours and it worked perfectly. Video and sound were good, speed was nice, and I am really impressed with the price. My wife's Kindle paperwhite case cost as much as this full feature tablet. Time will tell about longevity, but first impression is, this is a great little tablet..
Bought as a gift for my mother in law for Christmas, and was happy to hear that her husband got Alexa to play "Revelry" at volume 10 to wake her up in the morning. Easy to use and great sound quality for listening to music. Helpful with definitions and spelling of words.
Unit is fun. Combined with speaker to stream sirius xm.
you can access thousands of movies and TV shows instantly. access weather and sports updates using the Alexa voice search function.
I'm normally an Apple snob but needed a cheap tablet and was very surprised how functional the Amazon Fire is.
Amazon fire connected with Overdrive,Kindle and Amazon aidiobooks.
Great product very easy to use . Very pleased. Would purchase again and again . New personal friend
Great kindle very clear reading would forsure recommend
This is the best streaming device for anyone. You can use any of your streaming accounts. Netflix,Hulu,Kodi. You will not be disappointed
It's a reader, wanted to get the cheeper one but you were out of stock. this one works well
Very affordable and user friendly! It has a microSD card slot expandable up to 128GB.
Tablet is very good. Initial setup was easy.It connects fast to wireless network. There is also not much blotware installed. Verry good tablet for basic needs.
This TV is on another level from the firestick or chromecast. Speeds are amazing and can handle anything we try to stream. Great Purchase!
Decent tablet for the price. Economic tablet for easy browsing.
This is a great tablet to own if you use AMAZON apps for shopping,reading, videos and so forth. May at times be a little slow but other than that no problems
Got it on sale.might have to get rid of my cable company.
This one was a little trouble setting up but finally I got it going. Now it's working great, but the Alexa App is acting funny tonight... This is Aug 25 2017...
Camera was perfect for my daughter... she's in yearbook at school and fell in love with it...
I love my new echo! I have it sync with my android and echo will add items to your calendar, set alarms and even tell you a joke! It keeps getting better and better!
Had one previously, it was time to replace. Great for reading anywhere!
Enjoy using but sometimes Alexa struggles with answering questions. Nice to have not a must have. Definitely room for improvement.
MY DAUTHER LOVES THIS TABLET, IS EXCELLENT FOR A 3 YEARS OLD CHILDREN
With an HD antenna and Fire TV, we said goodbye to the cable company. Everything you want to watch for a fraction of the price.
I am enjoying control over what I watch and not watching same thing over and over like with cable.
We bought this tablet for my son for Christmas. It's a decent tablet for a kid and the price is reasonable. I would recommend it for a person who's not big on technology. It's definitely not an IPad!!!!
Simple tablets and I get along great! I don't want to spend the big buck to get someting that a much cheaper alternative will handle just as well. Gave my much older tablet to a child, who was overjoyed, and updated version for me.
4th one; I lose things. Would not buy any other reader. Can read outdoors. Shuts off when I fall asleep reading. Saves page.
This item is the best for your buck! This item hands down won't let you down!
Yes I will recommend to everybody because I buy 2 of them and my goddaughter And son like it
He loves it. He likes the camera and the apps, going to have to get one my granddaughter too.
After much contemplation between a Kindle and a Nook, I went with Kindle due to the number of kindle book purchases. However I LOVE the choice I made. I wanted to be able to read at night without the light. I can with this one and if I fall asleep then nothing is left on. And I love not having to carry my heavy technical books around now either! VERY happy with this purchase!!
like the wihite background and its really easy to use anywhere
I love this thing so much it plays pandora non stop and answers all my questions.
Bought on Black Friday for at a decent discount. Would be a really nice product if I were an Amazon Prome member.
Had a prob with original one I purchased and Bedt Buy replaced it hassle free
Enjoy the Kindle, fun games, can access the Internet, read books, etc.
It is actually very fun and useful. Music information and helpful.
Glad I decide to purchase it on black Friday . You can do anything on it.
One of best purchases. This is a must for any man cave.
I am not too happy with the Kindle. It's ok but it seems to run slow and sometimes the sd card isn't reading. Would not purchase another
I bought this for my mom. She enjoys checking her email and Facebook. She enjoys playing games most of all.
I bought it for my mother-in- law. I am her favorite now she loves it
Bought for my eight year old. She absolutely loves it!
I love my fire amazon tv box it's fast reliable and cool to have ,I would highly recommend getting one
Tablet is great. I am trying to get my daughter use to the kindle. We started her at 10 months on an Ipad and thought it would be easier to get one her own tablet now that she is almost 2. Not so, she is struggling to navigate in the kindle. I am not able to transfer her games and movies.
This is great for creating shopping lists, things to do, general notes that are sometimes forgotten.
Outstanding Item to have and own when family and friends are visiting
It's fun, my girls love it. Great for small gathering.
Very good. My grandson uses it on a daily basis. It is fantastic
This is a great product! I was a little skeptical in the beginning of how much it could actually do and assist, but after playing with this for a couple of hours I realized it was an amazing product. The sound is very comparable to one of the top leading Brand speakers!
I really wanted a "value" item to load & listen to audio books both while at home and on the road. This is PERFECT. So quick and easy to load books via an app or the free library app. Pleasantly surprised....such a great little "reader'.
The amazon stick very nice and easy to set up.i would recommend it
I bought this as a gift for my wife who in the past said she would never use a Kindle. Since getting one, she uses it any spare moment that she has. It is convenient to take on trips, easy to use, and can be read in low lit areas. The antiglare screen is great when used outdoors or in brightly lit locations.
I really enjoy reading on the new Kindle Voyage. Have had other Kindle models before this one. I especially like the brightness and lightness of it.Only drawback I needed to get use to was turning of pages being a little hesitant.
I love the the Kindles!! Bought this for my grandson. Impressed with the 2 years no questions asked warranty.
I like the tablet. We got it for my nephew who is 5. He can easily use it daily. He has a lot of educational games downloaded and it stays charged for awhile.
Minimum setup required.Glossary of terms is somewhat limited.Design is attractive and fits into any décor.Sound is good (not Bose, but acceptable)Easy to add features (calendar, To Do List, reminders, etc.
It is a great tablet for its price. I would recommend
So easy to download and then read. Enjoy reading that I can take anywhere without the heaviness of a book
I was not overly impressed with this system. I didn't realize you have to buy Amazon prime in order to use the functions. It didn't connect easily to my phone. It wouldn't just stream music saved on my iPhone. I had to download a music app and then load my music into the app. It wouldn't work. Way too much work and added expenses in order to use. Wasn't happy with that so I returned it and purchased a jbl portable Bluetooth speaker.
My Grandson loves his tablet we got him. Very safe
I really like the Amazon Echo. My family loves asking questions and getting answers
Really enjoying this little guy bought two for my mom and daughter
This is your basic Amazon taplet. Nothing too special about it.
Love the paperwhite! Best Kindle yet. easy on the eyes!
I like the overall tablet. What I don't like is the constant ads that pop up because they want you to purchase whatever app you're using. Kind of annoying.
I already had an iPad and just bought this to see what all the fuss was about. Haven't used it hardly ever.
I had to do OS upgrade immediately after purchase and the process is manual. Would have been better if the OS can upgrade itself similar to iOS or Android. OS thing aside, I love this device and its worth the money.
I got this for my 8 year old because he loves to read and i wanted something that he couldnt browse the internet on. He loves it so far.
Bought for husband's grandmother. Works great for her, she has not called for help after setting it up with her:)
Throughly enjoying my fire tablet. Can play games and read books. Am very pleased with it.
Alexa does everything promoted and more. A game changer for smart home control. I'm controlling lights, climate, Televisions and music. Pretty sweet!
I am truly enjoying my Echo. She does way more things than I thought she could do. I love being able to just ask her something and she finds it. Whether it is to play music, find a radio station, or put on the news or whether. My husband is not very savvy with technology, but I have found him using her as well. She is a great companion to have in the house. I am looking forward to learning more about what she can do.
Great affordable device but does not have allow for android market app downloads and is basically good for simple browsing and games.
I have purchased the Paperwhite for 4 of my children. They all love the portability and the light up screen. Perfect for travel and reading in bed.
Great tablet for the price. Good size. Easy to use.
Bought this item for easy access to music and our family uses it for everything wether, news, grocery lists etc.
This product may be extremely overpriced, but it also lives up to everything it's promised. It's a lightweight, long-lasting ereader that is much easier on the eyes than an iPad. It is much lighter and more ergonomical than a paperback, and I find myself renting kindle copies of books I already own just to take advantage of the device's convenience.
I love it,that keeps them out of my living room so that they can watch tv in their room
It works as expected. Voice commands work fairly well. Everyone in the family enjoys talking to it. The search engine that Alexa uses isn't terribly useful. However, we use it to stream a variety of radio stations and other audio. Hopefully down the road we will be incorporating it more into our daily life.
Excellent speaker. Can handle most requests for any song.
I got it for my daughter for christmas. She's very happy with it. I'm surprised how easy it is to use. It could have been 5 stars but the camera quality is not that great. But for the price I got it for it's good enough.
My teenager loves to read and we purchased it for her. Great purchase!
Quite simple: it's a kindle fire tablet. It does exactly what it should do as a tablet attached to a reader. I like that I can send things from my desktop to my kindle. It streams well, and it works well with my Bluetooth keyboard. This is actually what convinced me to do a year of Prime. Next year we'll see how it goes if I renew, but so far so good. The lock screen shows a different advert, but that's not so bad...it's only a lock screen.
I am able to read in any sort of light and able to change the font size.
This tablet you can download apps and games and the front and rear camera let you captured good picture and video.
Bought this tablet for my 2 &1/2 year old and it is perfect. Games and videos that come on it are very age appropriate and the tablet has been very durable thus far.
I think the concept is modern & works well most of the time. We have had to pair it several times but that may be our internet service. The most frustrating think is when you have named the bulbs and say Alexa hallway light on/off she doesn't understand what you are saying and repeats something totally different.
fun product that will be used more and more the longer you own it.
I love this tablet! I was not sure if I would like the screen size but it is just fine.
I had read that the tablet supported gps, for Pokmon go. You can make Pokmon go work, but this tablet does not have built in gps, it uses wifi triangulation. It is great for watching movies, YouTube, and social media apps. It's also great for reading books.
Was debating between an iPad or kindle for my other half and after the reviews I decided on the kindle since he likes to read. He loves it. The battery life is awesome.
Quick delivery and works!
I love my fire TV and I love best buys service.They deliver just like they say.
I bought this for my mom because she was having surgery and could not get to desktop. She loves it for what it is designed to do. It not an iPad but does what it's designed to do b
Still learning all the things it can do but solo it is a nice quick answer system and music player. I now have mine hooked to HUE lights, Honeywell Thermostat, and a Belkin outlet with a heater. Nice to have Alexa turn on my kitchen lights when I'm running in groceries.
This is a fun device for listening to music and getting news updates. I thought it would have a bit more functionality but I think I need to explore apps that it works with and I am sure more will be coming but for the price point the speaker alone is worth it.
Got it for Christmas. Have used it almost everyday. Liked it so much got one for my dad.
I have been a kindle user for years and I expect a certain level of quality. This version falls short. Constantly freezes.
My husband and I live in the Dominican Rebublic as missionaries teaching the deaf about the Bible and our God. On Mondays we take the day off and head to the beach to chill and read a book. Our various tablets (iPhones, iPads, Samsung Galaxy, and Nooks we use for teaching the deaf) just didn't cut it in the bright sunshine to relax reading a novel. So while visiting the states we invested in our down time and purchased kindle paperwhites for each other. It is a basic tablet. We didn't want it to do "everything". That's what our other tablets can do. We wanted them to be able to get back to our love of reading for pleasure. The paperwhites are right on target for reading on the beach.
Too small for me. Page turning constantly due to size. Page refresh jumpy, irritating to my eyes.
This is my second kindle purchase. I absolutely love them. It's compact and easy to use.
Nothing special. It is a pretty good speaker for the money, but it's not that useful for much else. My Apple TV does more for home automation and entertainment.
My daughter loves this tablet. Uses it for Netflix!
Purchased during the 1/2 price sale. Definitely worth the money.
The screen is clear and great for playing games and watching videos.Doing homework is easier
Within the low price range, this tablet is excellent for watching TV, movies or reading a book. PROS: very sharp display, fast screen response, fair speaker, low price.CONS: need adding memory in form of micro-sd cards and becoming an Amazon Prime member to make this tablet worthwhile.
I would definitely recommend it to others since it is a good value for money product.
What can I say,I love my Kindle! Has the right amount of light and very versatile to read..
I love it, easy to learn and operate. Quick response and easy to hook up.
I purchased this item as a gift for Christmas. Would have liked to have more memory with tablet.
My wife really enjoys the amazon fire. Has very good picture quality. Very easy to figure out how to use because its similar to our smart phone.
The Amazon Fire is a great tablet with awesome graphics. I use it mainly for surfing the web and have had no issues with it.
I bought the first one with some issues but brought it back to best buy and they exchanged it. It works great and my kids love it.
Great tablet. Easy to read the screen, fast. Great price.
This is a neat home automation item. Looking forward to more integration with other home automation brand products.
I enjoy my new Fire system and I'm glad I cut the cord.
like it a lil slow on boot , needs more freed space for other apps if i knew would have gotten 16gb
Excellent tablet and you can't beat the price. Make great gifts for Birthdays or for Christmas.
Purchased as a gift. Quick ship. Great product. You can't go wrong with a kindle.
Love my new music!. Wow all I do is ask and I get whatever I want. Love this new technology!
I got this item for a great price..I order it in the Best Buy web site and was ready to pick up in 45 min. Great customer service
Amazon Kindle is a great product - I bought one as a gift for my nephew and he absolutely loves it.
Nice to have a tablet and kindel in one. Very easy to use.
I bought this hoping that I could use it for a book reader and other lightweight tasks. The wifi is very slow and the tablet in general is slow and hangs to much
Our Alexa has become like family! She's been a great asset and such a huge help. From ordering pizza, to telling me the weather, making shopping lists, and playing our favorite music and so much more!
The Amazon Fire Tv is simply awesome. It has over 50 apps for watching tv shows and movies. There is nothing that this thing does not have when it comes to streaming apps.
I love my kindle fire I downloaded books easy . Thank god for that !
i purchased the tablet for my son and he has pleasantly delighted with it up to this point.
gave it to my husband for xmas...n he loves it...he uses it everyday gets the weather info, time, setup his alarm, plays music...ect...comes on handy when you are in a rush just ask ALEXA....
I bought this unit because I needed a portable bluetooth speaker. When it was on sale, I figured why not get Alexa with it. It works well. I plan to use it when I am overseas in my hotel. We'll see how that goes.
Best streaming device I know. Easy to use. Great purchase
Really the best cheap tablet out there.It's equally great for those inclined to hack it and make it even more useful, and anyone who want a simple tablet. Works best if you have Amazon Prime.
the speaker voice quality is terrible compare the similar size my logitech UE BOOM.the price is too high, even I got on promotion with $79
I bought this for my grandson and he loved it and it easy for him to handle without help
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she absolutely LOVES it. I was undecided between the Fire stick or the Fire TV and since a coworker has the Fire TV and loved it I went with the Fire TV as opposed to the stick - especially since there is more memory in the Fire TV (the TV is about 50.00 more but worth it)
My son uses this to take notes in class and read material related to class. It has helped him by not having to take along extra books to class.
My boss recommended getting a fire because she had one and so I got one too and i love that i can read my books from my kindle app on a bigger screen than my phone.
Love this! So easy to use and navagate. Lots of options. Not sure how I went this long without it.
Good product for the price. Screen resolution is decent. Love the external memory card slot.
I've really enjoyed using the Kindle Fire 10 (16gb). It's perfect for watching movies and tv shows. The only problem is the storage. Other than that, I highly recommend it.
Great sound quality and very sleek to fit into any room décor. Due to the price reduction during the holidays, I ranked it a 5 versus a 4 if the regular price was applicable to my purchase. Satisfied enough to purchase two Amazon Dots for my family as Christmas stuffers...which they loved.
Fun product that is very user friendly to operate!!!
Great service at store and product every much as advertised
My kids love that they can ask her any question and she answers it.
Charged phone well and fast. No complaints as of yet
A well worth it purchase. No complaints. Couldn't be happier.
My kids each got one of these tablets for Christmas. They love it. I like how it has parental controls so I can control what apps are on the tablet.
Great system enjoying every second of it. So easy to use.
excellent choice for a 3,8,10,and 11 year old child.i made a great choice when i decided to purchase 2 of the 7 inch tablets for christmas gifts.i am very pleased.
Love my Alexia. I'm learning more and more everyday
This product is easy to use for beginners and has all the features and applications available for download like other expensive tablets.
I used to have a old version of kindle, and this one is a great improvement, the resolution is great and the backlight is especially convenient
One of the best media boxes I've used. Heavily Amazon based, but works awesome and also has an Ethernet port that makes streaming fast!
This is a great tablet, and the price was amazing!
Where to begin? Let's see...easy wifi or Ethernet setup. Runs all my apps. Runs 4K. Super small footprint. The remote is nice, plus voice activation(if you're into that). Super easy navigation once you setup all your apps.
If you are into reading then this is for you. I didn't think the paperwhite is necessary if you have a well lot room. Great for reading outside.
Alexa is great- Controls my home, Sings and gives me weather and traffic alerts finds my phone and my other great things
Love the size and weight of this. I read my Amazon books and comics on here and am always impressed with how easy to use.
Just purchased the Amazon Fire 16GB model and so far it has performed as expected. Only drawback is the screen which is somewhat reflective of any light source and needs constant cleaning for smudges from normal use.
Love the product, but was not aware that I would have to spend $8.00 a month to play most of the music I like to listen to.
If you like reading, this is the thing to get, so much better than tablet for reading.
I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it. Easy to read and stores all of her books. My only complaint is that it feels slow and sluggish when transitioning from one screen tk the next. Even turning the page feels slow. Not sure if it has a setting to change this but its a noticeable difference between this device and the kindle fire both with out of the bix settings. My daughter doesn't mind it and prefers the screen on the paperwhite for reading. Battery life is fantastic, its so good you can go on a weekend trip and leave the charger at home.
Quality product, easy setup and all of the features you need ; )
UPDATE! 11/11/15: More than a year now of using the stick literally every single evening for netflix, and it has been overall very reliable.Bottom line This is the best streaming device for the dollar(In my humble opinion) It's cheap, it handles netflix/prime/hboGo/plex/games/a lot more doesn't seem much slower than the full firetv box. I started with a Roku2 in the living room which got pushed to the bedroom when i got the firetv box, then the firetv stick replaced the roku2. I tried the roku stick but returned it because it was just too darn slow. I'm completely firetv now and 100 happy with it..What it does: It adds internet/streaming functionality to any tv/monitor with an HDMI port. You can use any of the thousands of paid and/or free apps such as netflix, amazon prime, hulu, plex, news, digital fireplace, etc... There's a ton you can do. With some extra effort you can sideload things like Kodi and 3rd party apps. It's super simple to use, and the image quality can be great if your internet connection is fast.The Good stuff...-Same pricerange as the less capable/less powered Chromecast Roku stick-More ram/memory than the competition(keeps things running smooth)-More storage space than the competition, you can store more apps/games/etc..-You can do some gaming with it, but the firetv box is better suited-So small you can bring it pretty much anywhere with ease.-Simple clean interface.-Lots of games/apps to choose from-The phone app is actually pretty usefulNot as good stuff...-No connections other than usb for power, if you need ethernet/audio in/out, get the box!Read more
Can't go wrong great for games wifi great overall very happy
Great way to read books available for downloads from the library
The echo is fun and practical. Alexia is a joy to talk to and ask questions. The speaker in the unit has great sound quality. The possibilities are limitless.
Bought two of these for both of my nieces birthdays and they were the hit of the party. Both love playing with them
This was a gift for my niece and she loved it. It is very user friendly and the right size.
I bought this to keep up with my email while my computer being repaired . the computer is fixed and still use this more than the computer. Love it!
Great way to get kids introduced to using a tablet. A ton of free software is available. Guarantee seals the deal.
His streaming device is awesome. So much better than my roku. Options options options is all I have to say
Bought two for the kids. They are very happy. My only problem it that I have not been able to download movies to the SD card. I keep getting a message saying that the Kindle does not support it.
This item is perfect for young kids it keeps them busybody
All my friends had the Amazon Fire Stick but I was not sold on streaming video since am a crazed videophile. When I read about the FireTV I decided I was ready to try it out. I must say that I've become a huge fan of YouTube and the video quality of some content in 4k is amazing. This is a good upgrade over the FireStick.
My child is having the time of their life, great for small hands.
This is what i believe is the best purchase that i made. Android platform and loving it. Able to cut the cable and is dependent on Fire TV. Highly recommended.
I bring it when hanging out outside, exercising, doing housework anywhere my echo won't hear me
This is a nice little tablet and Great for the kids
Reliable and well-regulated for dual voltage (110-120v and 220-240v) without too much heat generation in Europe/Asia.
Got my 6 year old his own tablet for christmas. Easy to use nice size . The reviews made me think twice but got it anyways glad i did take the chance
This is a great kindle for kids to use as it is very user friendly and once they get the hang of it they will not put it down.
Great sound. Very clear and clean. Bass will shake the room
We love this! Sound has great range, full sound. We have recommended this to several friends.
The Echo has become an integral part of our lives. From turning lights on/off to playing music, getting news briefs or sports score and asking it questions whether important or silly, Echo lives up to its expectations. If you are in to home automation it is a good solid start. Amazon adds new Skills by the day that you can enable from the free Alexa app. Once you buy an Echo you will want another another or 2 more. Skynet is here, Embrace it.
I was hesitant at first about this...but it turns out to be more than I expected. My only complaint is not getting it sooner.
I Love(d) it. I did return it for a Roku. Not for the product quality. I really Liked the Fire TV, the only downfall was the lack of TV Apps that would work with my Cable subscriber. I did have 1 issue with it over heating, After talking with Amazon i could not leave the unit on top of my cable box due to the heat form that unit.
Arrived quickly and works perfectly. Very happy with my purchase.
I purchased my Fire TV to replace a Fire Stick and I am VERY HAPPY with my decision. So far I have not experienced any lag and it is so nice to be able to plug an ethernet cable into my Fire TV .
The Amazon Fire HD is easy to use. The 8" tablet is just the right size.
Great tablet I love it and does what I wanted to do and that's it
This has a great UI. I've used all the different streaming devices and this is by far the cleanest, fastest, and offers a lot of app selections.Works great with Playstation Vue!
All I've used this tablet is for books and it's great for it.
Great if you're an Amazon Subscriber. Music, Movies and Alexia to let you know the weather.
Great if you don't care about the playstore for android it works fine to me
Great device. Good quality sound in a speaker. Super convenient.
Easy to set up and very simple to use.very light and compact.
Bought this to run the Kodi app. It's awesome!!!!!
I tried to set it up for over an hour and it wouldn't connect to my wifi. The orange ring didn't last more than 30 sec to even give it a chance. It just sat their with the ring of death no matter how quick I was. Powered my router off and back on even. My other devices were connected just fine before and after. So frustrated and no matter how hard I tried it didn't work so I just took it back and got a refund. Totally disappointed!
I bought the 16 gig Fire 7 tablet and added the 64 gig sim card before I went on a trip to Iceland. My plan was to use it to read kindle books I had in my library, but also to use it to read email on the 7 day trip. Since it was a wifi only device, I was dependent on the hotels I stayed in to have wifi. No problem there, they all had free wifi. (This was great since I had tried to use my old kindle to access the internet and it never really worked, and no email was happening.)There were three bonuses: Internet access, games (solitare, sodoko, etc.) and movies on the plane, and when it was too rainy to get out my SLR to take pictures, I could use my camera on the Fire 7 and easily wipe the rain off of the screen. The fire was small enough that it was easy to put in my carry on and I didn't have to take it out for TSA screening. All in all, it was perfect for the trip, oh yes, I had subscribed to the Washington Post before I left and that meant I could keep up with the political news and hurricane Matthew circling back across the atlantic to hit Iceland and bite us. Only bad thing, not fire7's fault, was that because of matthew's rain, we didn't see any northern lights. Good thing I had my own personal entertainment system--Fire 7 tablet.
The tablet itself works fine but this is the 2nd one I have gotten with a similar problem. The port seems to come defected. The charger doesn't stay in and it takes a long time to charge. Replaced charger with a brand new one and it still has issues.
I originally purchased the Amazon fire stick which I did not like at all! it was very slow and it didn't stream Netflix well. I returned the fire stick in exchange for the Amazon fire TV and holy cow what a difference. Everything streams so quickly and it works tremendously well with Wi-Fi. Only bad thing is you have to restart it from time to time to refresh the system.
Great with no or low light, good battery life syncs easy
Highly Satisfied with the product. Great price and performance
Got this to replace my iPhone that my daughter constantly has to have to watch her Elmo videos. This is a durable perfect solution. She understands most of the apps and can navigate to watch whatever she wants. This comes with a warranty that if she does anything to break it, it will be replaced for free. That was the final selling point I needed!
Got the echo as a birthday present and use it everyday. Kids love playing games with it as well
Great for reading in bright lit areas.No glare screen makes it easy reading
Great price! Great product! For a beginner tablet it's useful and fast enough to keep your music and games going!
my son loves his new tablet. now he can play his games without making a mess of my phone.
Still learning. I just bought a firestick w/Alexa capabilities. We will see....
The Echo is a fun gadget. It would be nice if you could give it any name you want but other than that it is a lot of fun.
I bought this to control lights and play music from pandora, Amazon prime and phone. Works very well. Alexa response is acceptable but not as good as 'Okay Google'
It works great and meet my needs. Sling tv works great
Very good picture quality. Performs as advertised and worth the prize paid for.
Great apps!, Works great playing amazon movies! Very happy!
Great gadget. Didn't give it 5 stars because it has no option for a battery, must be plugged in for use. Also, I thought it controlled the TV, but apparently not. Speaker is OK for music if you don't like it loud.
Works great charges reasonably fast I'm satisfied with it.
This is a fun gadget to play with and wow your friends. Able to find info on web about 80% of time. Great at retrieving weather info.Don't place near active TV. Ads for Alexa will trigger device.
Better than Fire TV. Some Major tv msnufactures have built un apps where amazon prime can be added n/c.
I bought if for my husband for our travel. Much lighter then taking books or ipad with us. Took him a little time to figure out the device and how to borrow e-books from our local public library. But now he loves it.
MY DAUGHTER JUST LOVES THIS. EASY TO USE AND SHE IS ABLE TO DO EVERYTHING SHE WANTED ON IT. GREAT PRICE GREAT PRODUCT
Not too expensive and the kids have their own tablet to do stuff they want to do, just use the parental controls. The quality is pretty good too!
The fire has a solid build, is not horribly slow, and has decent battery. Its major flaw today is the screen, which is both low resolution and poor contrast, with weak viewing angles. It makes a fine cheap tablet to hand to some kids though. For the price, not bad.
Who needs a laptop that takes up so much space? Go for this Amaon Fire that fits in your hands. It has capabilities for multiple accounts and time limits for children...or even your spouse. Worth the price and very convenient. No lap required.
Purchased as a gift for older parents that wanted a wireless speaker that's easy to use. The Echo hits those marks.
I really like the large echo by amazon. The speakers are clear. I bought mine at Best Buy. They will stand behind their merchandise.
Great product for your money. Excellent quality and features
This item is a waste of money as none of the content is 4K. Buy the much cheaper Fire TV Stick instead.
I bought this product for my girlfriend whom is technology challenged. She loves it! Helps her with drive time, shopping, weather, and much more.
I absolutely love my Fire TV! I use it with Netflix, boo boo, ESPN, and a ton of other apps. I highly recommend this product if you plan on cutting cable
Does everything a tablet is so-pose to do. Good battery life.
I like to use my Echo to set my Alarm. I just say, "Alexa, set my alarm for 6:30 am." and I am confident that Alexa will lead me into the next morning.
So in reading the reviews before I got this cover I was quite worried... lots of people reported it feeling cheap, flimsy, overpriced etc. I was so concerned in fact I tried to cancel my order. I'm glad I wasn't able to.It is perhaps not what people expect- the leather is not soft, but is rather pressed and almost polished. However, this cover does NOT feel cheap to me. It is stylish, super light, and fits the kindle without those annoying elastic loops or hooks on the corners. It fits within a rubberized groove on the cover, which not only gives it a very tight and secure fit, it also adds protection to the corners of the device and cover. It also feels quite secure in the hand.So, to sum up: Light, secure, well made and unobtrusive. The 40 price tag could be debated, but I actually don't find it to be overpriced. I'm quite happy with it!
Picked it up on the Black Friday sale it was a great deal
The kindle fire is a nice little tablet its great for reading and watching netflix
We found this to be an excellent music source. Signed up for the $3/month Unlimited Amazon Music subscription. It's great to be able to request any kind of music at any time. Speaker quality is excellent as well. It was very easy to setup. Love that you can add items directly to a shopping list or a to do list. I would have given this 5 stars if the Search feature was more robust.
I love everything about this reader. The book advertising on the lock screen is so cool in my house, its such a small thing but it makes us smile every time. I do think its kinda weird that it flickers sometimes but after watching product videos I see that its not abnormal. Maybe if I looked it up I'd understand but its not bothersome enough to do so. Overall I would buy this item again no questions asked.
I got two of these for my young kids. It does everything I could ask for and I can limit how much they use it. Great product for a great price
I have owned exactlo, nooks, kobo's and kindles. This is the Cadillac of readers!!!
Good for my girl she use for reading play app and small carried
While definitely not a necessity, it is nice to have if you don't like going to the redbox all the time.
I got this to replace my original Kindle just to read ebooks, thinking the back light would be a nice feature. I really didn't think I would use the other features but I have found that I really like being able to check my email & surf the web without lugging my laptop around. My wife has a more expensive tablet but my Fire does everything hers does. I love it!!
Fairly easy to set up and easy to operate. Some inconsistency with wi fi connections, but overall a solid buy.
A great addition to this product is to add Kodi for all your movie and television show needs
Bought this in thanksgiving sale. It's a great loss price tablet at the sale price but would not buy it for regular price. Would go for HD model instead by playing a bit extra though.
Great item at great price, MY WIFE LOVES IT AND WONT PUT IT DOWN!
Great for checking my emails and watching Netflix.
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it and stays on it.
Love it bought one for my daughter and ended up buying one for myself
I purchased this tablet for my sister as a Christmas present.
I love getting weather, trivia and Music all from one sleek source.
Didn't think I would get much out of this but I already had hue lights, harmony remote and august smart lock. Alexa controls all of them! She is also a cool companion giving my news and sports update in the morning while I make my coffee. Mindfulness minutes are great when paired with Apple Watch app of the same name.
Has all the major streaming channels and is lightning fast. Highly recommended.
The product has a $90 price tag and the 90 warranty is too short. My tablet died within a month. I took it to Best Buy where they said they don't handle the warranty, went to Amazon web site where they said go to the store where I bought the device. After much digging around Amazon web site I found out who would help me. I gave it a one star and Amazon helped me quick. We were able to get it going again, a manual would help. The device works again. I found the tablet to be very functional, I watch Netflix, listen to Spotify, watch YouTube videos, it works great!
The fire TV is much faster and more polished. I highly recommend it.
This is a great tablet for my young son, he is able to order books for school. He plays games and he is able to go onto youtube for the fraction of an Ipad. It is great!!!
I thought twice about getting this because of people saying you have limited apps but its not to limited so I am very happy. I was able to get google youtube Netflix and all the main apps I actually care about. For the price you cannot do any better. Love it so much we ended up getting my kids each one.
I bought this as a retirement gift for a friend. I love the size and weight of this kindle, as well as the "paperwhite" lighting.
This is the third fire in our house now and they're all solid, if unspectacular. For $40, the hardware can't be beat, but this newest version of the operating system is very clunky and not intuitive in the least. Once you get over th leading curve though, it's a good way to keep the boy quiet on a plane
I would suggest this over the fire stick and over the android tv.
Fairly easy to set up. Once running, it was fun to begin seeing what Alexa could do. I look forward to using it every day. My wife uses it more than I, loves to listen to C&W music while sewing.
Great streaming device with a lot of options to watch, highly recommended and super easy to install and use
I bought this tablet over the holidays when it was on sale. It has been a great tablet. The battery life is great on these new models. Also playing games everything moves smoothly since it has more ram. The durability of the tablet is great. This thing won't break if you drop it. The only thing I don't like is the fire os. You can't get everything you can get on the google store so not all apps are available.
My husband wanted this so he bought it. We've had it for about 2 months now and I don't really see a huge need for it. It was fun at first but I find that nobody really uses it much now. Maybe if I took the time to research I may find it more interesting
Absolutely love this tablet! Its so much more than I thought it would be. Fadt, easy to use and set up for a tablet virgin. I love the kid profiles, setting up a time limit for the day and a curfew time (tablet shuts off), and was simple to do.movies,books,games,entertainment, web browsing, and much much more. I highly recommend this device for first timers and the experienced alike. DO IT! ,GET ONE. My only regret is that i didnt get two
Great Product - works great It has great range. My kids keep asking it questions and thy really seem to enjoy it.
This works very well for a reader but if you want to browse online it is not so good. The default Silk browser is slow; side loaded Opera and it is slow; Chrome is slow and Firefox is slow. So I have to assume that it is the Fire that is slow WiFi / browsing. But then it was an inexpensive piece of hardware.
She Loves the white background. She is very Happy with it.
This is a simple way to get all the channels you want in one location.
My wife and I are just now getting the chance to explore the capabilities of this device but we are impressed. I really appreciate the emails every so often informing us of new things we can do with it.
Better than Fire Stick. Great quality picture. Clarity with ultra hd.
I love the tablet....I just can't do without the tabelt
Bought an Amazon Fire Reader and it is great. I am able to read books and take it wherever I go.
I bought this as a Christmas gift and my sister loves it! Great price on Black Friday as well!
My granddaughter bought my first Kindle Fire for me. After that, I bought one for my husband and one for my friend. They are great!
Bought this for my 84 year old father-in-law. It was easy to setup to his WiFi and very easy to use. He loves it and now has a Facebook page.
STILL IN SHOCK ALL THE TABLET CAN DO FOR $50!ITS A NO BRAINER
I love it would recommend to a friend .Have fun with family asking questions and great with music.
This was replacement for my wife's original iPad and broken Kindle Paperwhite. She loves it, as it does basically everything both of the previous devices did in one unit that is easy to use, has good battery life, very nice screen resolution and good size for her. Great value, especially compared to an iPad.
CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY GRAND KIDS AND NO COMPLANTES AS OF YET.
I had wanted a kindle for a very long time. When I saw the price I could not resist
Excellent because use with my account prime and recomend
A fantastic tablet for the price. It's not HD but the display is very sharp and vibrant. A great tablet for kids and teens.
I love this thing runs my lights .The shoping list and to do list is very handy
My tablet is great and my kids love it's there Christmas gift. Now they can leave my iPad alone for now on.
This is the best electronic purchase I've had in a year, and I buy a lot of shhhtuff.
nice upgrade for the family! We are more of a techie family. Ours is attached to a pc.
Got this for one of my foster kids, he just love it. He cried when he received it. Another satisfied customer. Yea for the Carter home.
I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter who just started kindergarten and it is helping her tremendously with her basic skills in counting and reading in English and foreign languages. She also enjoys having the tablet to read stories to her as it lights up the words for her to read along. She loves the ability to watch her favorite programs as well. This was most definitely a worthwhile purchase.
The Amazon Fire HD8 16GB is a excellent value and performs accordingly for it's price-point. It cannot be compared with a mini-ipad at a fraction of the price. The other drawback is the , limited apps as compared to the apple store or even google store. Yes, the google store can be loaded with a little difficulty. All in all for the money, it;s a nice little tablet.
Love having someone to take notes for me and play music on demand.
I haven't found anything I don't like about this! It is just what I was looking for!
Got this when it was on sale mainly to get the books not available @ B&N and to play audiobooks. Main drawback: the constant advertising! You turn it on and get a ad. Let it sit for a moment or two, another ad pops up. Ads for nothing I've ever expressed an interest in. Very irritating.Color is very crisp and clean.Love my older Nook but lately B&N doesn't always have the books that are available on Amazon. Will continue to use the Nook as my primary e-reader with the Fire as my primary audiobook player.
I've used this for almost a month now. Excellent reading experience. It has adjustable brightness too. Doesn't strain the eyes even when reading in the dark.
Such a better alternative than cable I am able to watch exactly what I want to watch without having to pay extra
I got it for my son. Its user friendly and durable.
SHE WORKS GREAT JUST WISH i HAD WIFI AT HOME so it wasnt such a hassle reconnecting everytime
Cool asking it questions and getting accurate replies !
The individual seemed to enjoy the echo. I will say I do like playing music from it. Good speaker.
This tablet for ~$35 is an amazing deal. It's almost a no-brainer to get one for any long family trip.
Kid friendly Great appsChild can learn many things with this tablet
The item was on sale over the Christmas period at a great price. Took it home and when I charged it up, the back of the tablet became very hot to the touch and the battery life reduced dramatically. Left it alone, tried it again, this time no issues. Four days later, it did the same thing when I was charging it up again. Sent it back for a refund.
As long as apps are downloaded before leaving WIFI they work great for road trips or hunting trips!
After only 4 days, the device would not charge. It was plugged in each evening and on the 4th day, it was at 7% after being plugged in all night. This was our second Amazon Fire Tablet, the first one stopped charging in month 13, right after the manufacturer's warranty expired. Decided to get another one because it was a great deal, but sadly I've learned you don't even get what you pay for with this tablet.
Alexa is not only fun to ask questions to, but she also tells jokes, weather, news, TV programs, how to spell a word, sports updates and any thing else you can think of. She is a hands free google. You can even have her send flowers for you. More and more aps are coming available. I love listening to either Pandora or Iheart radio, the sound quality is very good. We also have our lamp hooked up so she can turn this off and on when you tell her to.
Was bought for my parents who are getting older and this can assist them with lights and everything
The amazon echo is a great the voice recognition works fantastic
I purchased the Amazon Fire TV and placed it on my TV in the bedroom, this is a great product and I really enjoy it.
Not very user friendly. A bit slow & heavy. Burned out pixel right out of box. Noticeable but not bothersome. Still like my iPad after trying fire.
Ordered a white Echo. Made a great house warming gift.
As a gift you can't go wrong. Best price an happy customer
Love this tablet. Great price and does everything Iwas looking for in a tablet
I work in natural speech and language processing, so I'm quite familiar with the technology behind the echo. I purchased my echo to test an Alexa skill that I'd written. While the process of connecting it to wifi is clunky, the echo is otherwise quite easy to use. I'm often impressed at how well the farfield ASR does as recognizing my speech, even when I'm yelling from another room. My wife and I soon found ourselves wanting another one to put downstairs.
love these. i have two in my main home + a dot and a remote control.
I love this tablet. I purchased them for gift and am so glad I did!
The speaker sounds very decent for the size and cost but my favorite thing about the speaker is it is wireless and portable. I can charge the speaker and practically take it anywhere without having to plug it in.
Took product back and was told that in order to get assistance the Geek squad would have to help me at my home and be charged for the service. I decided we didn't need the product that badly so took it back for a refund.
great tablet for the price easy to use and came very quick
I highly recommend this item. This is my second purchase of kindle fire. I was so pleased with what you can do with the amazon kindle fire. If you buy i highly recommend getting amazon prime you will have access to so much free items that will keep your child busy from movies to books and more.
It works will, some time it get slow to switch from Chanel to Chanel.
Very awesome tablet for kids and great parental controls
Love the Kindle paperwhite. Super easy to use, light and easy to carry, no screen glare.
Keeps my kids busy while I cook & when in the car.
My son is 18 months and this kids him nice and quiet
my kid loves it of course. I haven't had a chance to look at it's potential for parent use, like email. Seems like a winner.
I bought this for my young grand daughter to start teaching her basic colors and numbers. She uses it like a pro and we have a great variety of teaching games. Her parents just bought one for their house. Have been using for a year and still working like new.
Bought this tablet for my best friend for Christmas she loved it.
It was a awesome gift to give to someone special to enjoy
This is my 3rd Kindle. I have continued to move up on the screen size and this one is so easy to see and read. I do however sometimes have a problem with it when I am online. It can take forever to load up a site and move from page to page so that can be annoying. I have extremely fast internet so that is not the problem and when I check strength of wifi connection it always says excellent so not sure why it takes so long. Do not have that problem on my other 2.
Upgraded from Generation 1 kindle with buttons that had all the letters worn off to this newer generation kindle. Love the touchscreen and the ability to sit out on the patio with a fire and read all night without needing additional light.
fire is slow when surfing web. i am not used to amazon app store which is way inferior to apple store
The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
I bought this for my 8 year old. Very cost effective and lots of fun for him.
Upgrade from old Kindle Reader whose charger quit working android system easy to use
Purchased this to replace old kindle that I had used for many years. The new kindle works great and is easy to read even in bright sunlight.
I love Alexa! Don't tell my wife. She listens and she gives me answers without questioning my motives.
I bought this as an early Christmas gift for my niece, and found it on sale for a great price. It was easy to set up, booted up quickly, and works perfectly for her. It's not high end by any means, but it is a great little tablet.
My few family members bought at least one or two as gift. All the kids seem to enjoy
You get what you pay for, with that being said. For 50 bucks i'ts great. It's not super fast wont play heavy games. But, it will netflix and read books fine. Screen is plastic, not glass like most so it scratches VERY VERY easily.
I was worried with the smaller screen but it really is great. I have had no issues.
My first ebook reader. Read some reviews, decided to go with this because of the backlight and adaptive light. Sometimes I have to adjust the light manually but no biggie, quick and easy on the eyes.
Great fun r the little ones, had to go buy another because it works so well! Dropped many times and still is doing well!
Great features. Very smooth operating system. Better than Apple TV in my opinion
The built in backlight is fantastic. Let you get a slimmer case that's easier to carry around
Excellent Amazon fire HD for kids. Perfect for a holiday gift
Love love it. the best gift for christmas I was given
Awesome tablet, easy to get through! My son love it
It is an amazing product for beggnners, high quality materIals amd fast processor
I brought to my 2 nices and so far they are enjoy it ....
One of the best media streamers out there right now.
I purchased this tablet for my 2 year old niece, and it works great, no issues at all, she mainly uses it to watch barney and Elmo episodes... easy to setup parental controls for safety... easy to handle especially for a child, very small and lightweight... recommend to all
Lots of fun. It was a gift they are enjoying it very much.
Gave to my great nephew. 2.5 yrs old. He loves it and his father no longer has to turn over his phone to his son.
What a time we live in...Jetsons are real, this is a must have.
The product works very well, but the user interface is too busy and not really tunable. It is also difficult to search for new apps that aren't already listed. Voice control works okay, but Alexa remains a far cry from Siri.
The echo works great around the house. From setting timers, to listening to music, to reordering paper towels.
Love my new Kindle. The picture is clear. The camera takes beautiful pictures. Happy with this purchase.
I purchased this as a replacement for my mom's old Kindle which was several years old.
I love this tablet for reading and letting my son who is 4 play games on it. The resolution is not the best in the world but I do not use it to watch movies for hours on end. I wish it was not locked to the Amazon market so that I could get a wider selection of apps than offered, but still good buy nun the less.
Couldn't ask for a better tablet to read with. Does exactly what is says. I have kindle unlimited and read all the time. Battery life is excellent
this item is a great upgrade from my last kindle.everything is touch screen and is faster than before
The Kindles were good while they worked 3 days!! Best Buy was good about replacing them. Very frustrating though to have to get them replaced when my kids only played on them for three days.
Can't beat a tablet for $50 that actually works!!!
I would recommend this to anybody who streams on line, or uses Kodi
Easy to tell Alexa to play my Spotify list! Also great for weather and news.
This system works great, even my five year old son can navigate channels with the remote or voice control. Has parental controls for purchases and viewing. Subscription required for some viewing.
Great gift for my mother who loves her social media and e-books.
Great tablet, amazing price got it as a gift and they loved it,
I wanted one for quite a while, caught it in Dale and I am very pleased with it. The battery lasts longer than my kindle touch from several years being able to adjust the back ground light makes reading enjoyable in low light. Glad I bought it
This is fun to use. I'm not good with electronics but decided to try this to help organize my life and it does the job.
Bought this as a gift for my mom and she loves it. The only downfall is there is no google play.
Alexa is awesome!!! She tells jokes, plays my favorite music by requests, sets timers for me.
The 7" screen is just right for size. Comes w/ plenty of extra goodies from Amazon and Audible, among others. The only complaint is the display in bright, direct sunlight requires adjustment to full bright, or I'd have given it 5 stars.
I bought this item and have not been able to put the remote down. A great product that I would recommend for anyone, works well with my 4K TV
Got this kindle on black Friday for a great price. It is a good performer at a great price. I use it as a nice versatile tablet, not just for kindle bok reading.
This is a great, basic tablet for my daughter. It gets the job done for most everything she needs (simple games, movies, etc). Work great with Netflix and Amazon Video. Make sure to get a nice protective case if you are buying one for a young child.
This little tablet is amazing for my 7 year old! He can play games, watch movies, and read books! Most everything is free but there are some games, books, and movies that you have to buy. I'm super impressed! Great battery life too!
I got this because my fire stick always gives a warning that it is too hot. Haven't had this problem but did experience problem. I have my ps4, apple tv, running through a hdmi switch. no problem when I had the fire stick plugged in. The amazon TV will not work with the switch. For it to work it needs to be connected directly. I have three tv's and three different switches didn't work on any and yes I tried different chords. Other than that works great.
I bought this when it was on sale for a Christmas gift for a child in foster care. I think this is a great tablet for kids but wish there was more storage as you know with kids, they like to download stuff. It is a great first tablet for someone who is just getting started.
Unleash all the tv shows and experiences you wanted to with this Amazon Fire TV box. Even better if you have a Prime account. I could watch all my entertainment right. No more high cable bills.
Great for accessing satellite radio, information searches, weather reports, etc.
Excellent product great for information and music would highly recommend this to anyone I know 5 stars all day!!!
I was not satisfied with my purchase but for the price I guess it's ok
It very convenient it small and it work awesome can put in my purse or
Bought this for a 6 year old to use. She still uses it and so far there has been no problems with it. She uses it a lot
I was expecting an Android device and discovered it was an "Android like" device. My fault for not reading up on his device before hand. I returned the Amazon Fire and bought a Samsung Tab E.I probably would recommend this tablet if you wanted a device for reading.
This does everything a Tablet should do and more. The best part is that you get tons of Free, Apps that normally cost...The camera is really great, too. Battery seems to last longer than normal which is a bonus....
So far so good I am absolutely loving this tablet and its durability . neat features and abilities for the price!
Great in helping me stay organized; it's instant entertainment, it's instant information, and it aides in securing my home. Awesome is an understatement!
I purchased this tablet for my 10 year old son and he loves it. Great for movies, games and reading books online. Definetly would recommend it as a starter tablet for young children. The hard protective cover is a plus.
Better than advertised. Stunning sound quality! Long distance voice recognition is spot on accurrate
This tablet is perfect for travel! Recently took it on a trip and the battery lasted the entire day with watching shows on and off on Netflix. Great first tablet!
good ereader not great for surfing web good for children and reading
